A list of different Minecraft Mods and their descriptions:

Sodium - Modern rendering engine and client-side optimization mod for Minecraft

Fabric API - Lightweight and modular API providing common hooks and intercompatibility measures utilized by mods using the Fabric toolchain.

Lithium - No-compromises game logic/server optimization mod

Iris Shaders - A modern shaders mod for Minecraft intended to be compatible with existing OptiFine shader packs

LazyDFU - Makes the game boot faster by deferring non-essential initialization

Mod Menu - Adds a mod menu to view the list of mods you have installed.

Indium - Sodium addon providing support for the Fabric Rendering API, based on Indigo

Starlight (Fabric) - Rewrites the light engine to fix lighting performance and lighting errors

Sodium Extra - Features that shouldn't be in Sodium.

Cloth Config API - Configuration Library for Minecraft Mods

FerriteCore - Memory usage optimizations

LambDynamicLights - A dynamic lights mod for Fabric.

Krypton - A mod to optimize the Minecraft networking stack

EntityCulling - Using async path-tracing to hide Block-/Entities that are not visible

Phosphor - No-compromises lighting engine optimization mod

Hydrogen - Reduces the memory usage of the game in more modded scenarios

FallingTree - Break down your trees by only cutting one piece of it

Architectury API - An intermediary api aimed to ease developing multiplatform mods.

Plasmo Voice - A proximity voice chat mod with audio positioning and lots of features

Enhanced Block Entities - Reduce FPS lag with block entities, as well as customize them with resource packs

Dynamic FPS - Improve performance when Minecraft is in the background.

Continuity - A Fabric mod that allows for efficient connected textures

Reese's Sodium Options - Alternative Options Menu for Sodium

Fabric Language Kotlin - Fabric Language Kotlin

EvergreenHUD - Improves your heads up display.

DashLoader - Launch at the speed of light.

Inventory Profiles Next - Take control over you inventory. Sort. Move matching Items. Throw all. Locked slots. Gear sets! And much more.

Ok Zoomer - Adds a highly-configurable zoom key for Fabric. The zoom is yours!

LambdaBetterGrass - A Minecraft mod which adds better grass and snow to the game.

WTHIT - What the hell is that?

Memory Leak Fix - A mod that fixes random memory leaks for both the client and server

Not Enough Crashes - When crashing, you can go back to the title screen and keep playing, without needing to restart, alongside other things to make crashes more pleasant.

Concurrent Chunk Management Engine (Fabric) - A Fabric mod designed to improve the chunk performance of Minecraft.

Simple Voice Chat - A working voice chat in Minecraft!

CIT Resewn - Re-implements MCPatcher's CIT (custom item textures from optifine resource packs)

BetterF3 - BetterF3 is a mod that replaces Minecraft's original debug HUD with a highly customizable, more human-readable HUD.

Debugify - Fixes Minecraft bugs found on the bug tracker

Cull Leaves - Adds culling to leaf blocks, providing a huge performance boost over vanilla.

AntiGhost - Get rid of ghost blocks by requesting resends from the server

Terra - World generation modding/configuration platform

AppleSkin - Food/hunger-related HUD improvements

Decocraft - Decocraft adds in over 3000 decorations for your Minecraft World. This mod will definitely give you a lot more variety when decorating your builds. Many of the items are actually functional as well!

Origins - Players choose an Origin at the beginning of the game to gain benefits and drawbacks

Particles Enhanced - 2021's take at particles in Minecraft

3D Skin Layers - Render the player skin layer in 3d!

Fabulously Optimized - Improve your graphics and performance with this simple modpack. Experimental releases on Modrinth!

AdvancementInfo - Show more information about advancement requirements

Quilted Fabric API (QFAPI) / Quilt Standard Libraries (QSL) - The standard libraries of the Quilt ecosystem. Essential for your modding experience on Quilt!

Zoomify - A zoom mod with infinite customizability.

Fabrishot - Take insanely large screenshots because why not

Not Enough Animations - Bringing first-person animations to the third-person

Capes - Lets you use capes from OptiFine, LabyMod and other cape mods

Falling Leaves - Adds a neat little particle effect to leaf blocks

Borderless Mining - Changes Fullscreen to use a borderless window.

Animatica - A mod implementing the OptiFine/MCPatcher animated texture format

Entity Texture Features [Fabric] - Emissive, Random & Custom texture support for entities in resourcepacks just like Optifine but for Fabric

Durability Viewer - Armor and Tool durability HUD

Cull Less Leaves - Cull leaves while looking hot!

Presence Footsteps - ..An Overly complicated Sound Mod...

bad packets - Bad Packets allows packet messaging between different modding platforms.

Smooth Boot (Fabric) - Improve Minecraft CPU scheduling

Custom Entity Models - Custom Entity Models suport on Fabric

Better Mount HUD - Improves the ingame HUD while riding a mount

Blur (Fabric) - Adds a blur effect to all GUI backgrounds - now for Fabric!

Bobby - Allows for render distances greater than the server's view-distance

No Chat Reports - Makes chat unreportable (where possible)

Better Beds - Changes the renderer of the bed to use json models instead of a block entity renderer! 

PTRLib - A craftstudio importer and rendering library. 

Mouse Wheelie - A "small" clientside mod featuring item scrolling, inventory sorting, item refilling and more!

Colormatic - Enables resource packs to add and change block and biome colors.

More Culling - A mod that changes how multiple types of culling are handled in order to improve performance

Language Reload - Reduces load times and adds fallbacks for languages

Visuality - Little visual improvements by adding a bunch of new particles.

Adorn - Decorate your home!

Very Many Players (Fabric) - A Fabric mod designed to improve server performance at high playercounts.

Roughly Enough Items (REI) - Clean and Customizable. Alternative to Just Enough Items/JEI.

Inspecio - A Minecraft mod which adds more tooltips.

Puzzle - Adds resourcepack features and a GUI to more conveniently configure OptiFine alternatives.

Don't Clear Chat History - Updated fork. Simple one-mixin mod that doesn't clear the messages you've sent from up arrow on disconnect/relog.

MidnightControls - Adds controller support and enhanced controls overall.

ClickThrough - Click through signs and item frames to chests

MoreChatHistory - Increases the maximum length of chat history.

MCA Reborn [Fabric/Forge] - Minecraft Comes Alive (MCA) is a Minecraft mod that greatly extends the functionality of villagers by adding interaction, marriage, children genetics, and more!

Emotecraft - Create your own emotes in Minecraft.

Pehkui - Allows resizing of most entities, shrinking them smaller or growing them larger

JourneyMap - Real-time mapping in game or in a web browser as you explore.

Wavey Capes - The cape shouldn't be a static slab

Alternate Current - An efficient and non-locational redstone dust implementation

Main Menu Credits - Adds a way of adding information to the user's title screen.

FabricSkyboxes - Allows resource packs to define custom skyboxes.

Mo' Structures - Mo' Structures is Fabric's best structure mod, carefully designed to enrich your world!

OptiGUI - A drop-in replacement for OptiFine custom GUIs

Charmonium - Ambient sounds and music in keeping with vanilla Minecraft

Fastload - Modifies the 441 Loading Engine to decrease world loading times.

Distant Horizons - See farther without turning your game into a slide show

More Axolotl Variants Mod - Adds more axolotl variants!

oωo (owo-lib) - Particles, automatic registry and general utility lib

Your Options Shall Be Respected (YOSBR) - Your options shall be respected.

Simply Optimized - A very light base Fabric modpack to heavily optimize the game without any QoL improvements.

Chunky - Pre-generates chunks, quickly and efficiently

ExtraSounds - UI sounds & more.

Item Model Fix - A Fabric mod that fixes gaps in generated item models. 

Mine Mine no Mi - An adventure focused mod inspired by the One Piece manga

🪵 Twigs - A Minecraft building blocks mod

Repurposed Structures - Quilt/Fabric - Adds more variations of vanilla structures and features such as a Jungle Fortress!

ForgetMeChunk - Fix (some) Lag Spikes

Ksyxis - Speed up the loading of your world.

When Dungeons Arise - Adds various elegant -and likely hostile- roguelike dungeons and structures that generate on your worlds!

Immersive Portals - See through portals and teleport seamlessly

spark - spark is a performance profiler for Minecraft clients, servers and proxies.

TabTPS - Monitor your server's performance in the tab menu, boss bar, and action bar

Raised - Raises the hotbar so the selector is not cut off!

RPMTW Platform Mod - The mod integrated with RPMTW services covers translation, wiki, universe chat, Chinese input optimization, and other features for Minecraft players to get a better gaming experience.

Detail Armor Bar - More detail about armor in Armor bar!

EasierVillagerTrading - Fewer clicks to trade with villagers

Applied Energistics 2 - A popular automation and storage mod

FPS - Display - A Fabric mod that shows your ingame FPS on screen

limitless - Overengineering enchanting since 2020.

Create Fabric - Building Tools and Aesthetic Technology

Trinkets - A data-driven accessory mod

Additional Additions - Additional Additions is a mod that aims to add additional uses for Copper, Amethyst and Glow Ink Sacs as well as other useful additional additions to the game.

ServerCore - A fabric mod that aims to optimize the minecraft server.

ToolTipFix - Fixes Tooltips from runnning off the screen.

No Telemetry - Disable the telemetry introduced in 21w38a

Gamma Utils - Gamma / brightness / night vision mod, making it easy to see in the dark. Basically fullbright for Fabric.

Level = Border - Adds a border which always has the size of your current level count

Axes Are Weapons - Disables the increased durability loss in combat and enables Looting for axes

Traveler's Backpack - The official port of Adventure Backpack

Cardboard - Implementation of the Bukkit/Spigot/Paper API as a Fabric mod.

Flour's Various Tweaks - Various client-side tweaks & enhancements fabric mod

Mouse Tweaks - Enhances inventory management by adding various functions to the mouse buttons. 

Patchouli - Accessible, Data-Driven, Dependency-Free Documentation for Minecraft Modders and Pack Makers

Drip Sounds (Fabric) - Adds sounds for drip particles landing

Starlight (Forge) - Rewrites the light engine to fix lighting performance and lighting errors

MidnightLib - Common library with a built-in configuration system

Universal Graves - Customisable grave mod for Fabric!

Auth Me - Authenticate yourself and re-validate your session

ClearDespawn-Fabric - Make items blink when they're about to despawn

iCommon - Common API for multi-version functions.

Dawn API - API that facilitates the creation of features.

Vampirism - Become a powerful vampire or hunt them down.

Beenfo - Show number of bees and honey level in hives and nests

EditSign - Allow you to edit signs

Charm - Core game changes in keeping with the vanilla feel of Minecraft

ChestTracker - Client-side addon for WhereIsIt to remember positions.

Eating Animation [Fabric] - A mod that adds sprite animations for edible and drinkable items.

Technopig - Name any pig "Technoblade" to add his crown to its head.

Dark Enchanting - Select your own enchantments at the cost of more XP!

Fabric Waystones - A better way of transport

PingList - A minimal minecraft fabric mod to display numerical ping values instead of the usual connection bars.

OstOverhaul - Adds fully customizable dynamic music that will play depending on the situation, also makes music stop when a music disc starts playing

AntiXray - A lightweight mod that allows server owners to combat xrayers.

Seamless Loading Screen  - Takes a screenshot of the game when you leave a world or server, and displays it when you rejoin it

Consistency+ - Adds new blocks to make block types consistent!

Tax Free Levels - Flattens the ever-increasing anvil and enchantment costs and makes renaming items always cost 1 level

Quilt Loading Screen - A loading screen based off of The Quilt Community's server banner.

Fabric Tailor - A server-side / singleplayer skin changing mod for fabric.

kennytvs-epic-force-close-loading-screen-mod-for-fabric - (Instantly) closes the loading terrain screen on world changing

Feature NBT Deadlock Be Gone - Fixes deadlocks caused by https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-246262

Sound Physics Remastered - A Minecraft mod that provides realistic sound attenuation, reverberation, and absorption through blocks.

Taterzen NPCs - A Citizens like NPC mod attempt.

Oh The Biomes You'll Go - An Adventure & Exploration mod like no other with unique, magical, realistic, and detailed biomes!

Infernal Expansion - Infernal Expansion is a Vanilla+ 1.16 mod for Forge that expands the Nether beyond the scope of the Nether Update!

Stendhal - Stendhal is a client-side Fabric mod offering new and enhanced visual utilities for books, signs, anvil and the in-game chat.

Promenade - Fancy and simplistic biomes and structures!

multiconnect - A mod to connect to multiple Minecraft server versions 

Mod Manager - An extension for Mod Menu which allows you to manage your mods ingame

Chime - Adds predicates for more interactive item models

Secret Rooms - Hidden doors and one way glass

Status Effect Timer - Overlay a timer on the Vanilla status effect HUD icons

Visual Overhaul - Slight tweaks to revamp the visual aspect of vanilla.

BedrockIfy - BedrockIfy is a fabric Minecraft Mod that implements some useful Minecraft Bedrock Edition features into Minecraft Java Edition.

Isometric Renders - Creates high-resolution isometric screenshots of game objects

Essential Commands - Configurable, permissions-backed utility commands for Fabric servers (tpa, home, warp, spawn, back, nick, rtp)

Figura - A client-side mod that lets you customize you Minecraft Avatar... Extensively.

EasierCrafting - Fewer clicks to craft stuff than the internal recipe book!

TieFix - Fixes some annoying bugs in the Minecraft client

Alloy Forgery - Forge some alloys

Immersive Cursedness - Immersive portals but server side!

DeathLog - Keeps track of the many embarrassing times you died

Resounding - A New Minecraft mod that provides realistic audio physics using multithreaded wave tracing and an improved physics algorithm.

Culinaire - An expansion onto the existing foodstuffs in Minecraft with intricate, well-made additions.

Applied Energistics 2 Wireless Terminals - An addon for Applied Energistics 2 that adds wireless versions of several Terminals

Things - Trinkets and Utilities to enhance casual play

Boat Item View - See your held items when in a moving boat!

StepUp - Increase your step height - like autojump but without the disadvantages

HealthCare - Neat serverside mob health tags.

Skyblocker - Hypixel Skyblock Mod

Minecraft Transit Railway - A Minecraft mod that adds scheduled train service into the game.

Amecs - Improves your keys & controls setup by providing modifier keys and making multi-functional keys a thing.

Botania - Botania is a Minecraft tech mod themed around natural magic

Screenshot to Clipboard - Screenshots taken are copied to the clipboard.

EMI - A featureful and accessible item and recipe viewer

AFKPeace - Adds peace-of-mind features for AFKing.

VTDownloader - Pick and download Vanilla Tweaks resource packs directly from your Minecraft client!

Styled Player List - This mod allows server owners to change player list look!

CreatePlus - Compatibility enchantments for Create Fabric.

CompleteConfig - Configuration Library for Fabric Mods

Lovely Snails - A Minecraft mod which adds some very cute snails.

Wildfire's Female Gender Mod - Fabric & Forge - A Female Gender Mod Created For Minecraft!

Skip Transitions - Skips title screen animation, Mojang logo fade in/fade out, sliding notifications, and more

Create - Aesthetic Technology that empowers the Player

Immersive structures - Additional structure packs

Bits And Chisels - Turn Blocks Into Small Bits With Chisels; Build All The Things

Mekanism - High-tech machinery, powerful energy generation, fancy gadgets and more. Now on Modrinth!

CC: Restitched - CC:Tweaked for Fabric (ComputerCraft)

Sound Physics - Adds realistic and immersive sound physics to the game

Animal Feeding Trough - Mobs self feed with feeding trough

Logical Zoom - A simple zoom key for Minecraft

Purpeille - Endgame resource expansion; ancient technology; a journey of allegiance

Pixelmon - Pixelmon adds many aspects of the Pokémon into Minecraft, including the Pokémon themselves, battling, trading, and breeding. Pixelmon also includes an assortment of new items, including prominent items like Poké Balls and TMs, new resources like bauxite ore and Apricorns, and new decorative blocks like chairs and clocks.

Simple Discord RPC [Forge/Fabric/Quilt] - A simple to use Discord RPC plugin for Minecraft and Modpacks

Better Ping Display [Fabric] - Adds a configurable numerical ping display to the player list

Modern Industrialization - Modern Industrialization is a standalone tech mod, where the ultimate objective is total automation. Have machines generate and process all your resources while you are flying around doing anything you could possibly dream of! Of course, there is a long way to go before getting there. Can you do it?

Sodium Shadowy Path Blocks - Reintroduces vanilla-like smooth lighting to non-full blocks (e.g. dirt paths and how they have dark shading when directly next to a full block) when using Sodium. 

Mekanism Additions - Additions module for Mekanism, contains things that don't quite fit in the other modules.

Entity Collision FPS Fix -  Client Side mod that optimizes entity's on the render thread. Fixes https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-228976 

Colored Lights - A compromise solution to colored lighting in Minecraft by tinting based on area.

Polymer - Library for creating better server side content!

Horse Stats Vanilla - This client-side mod displays the statistics (health, speed, jump height) of horses in their inventory.

Better Recipe Book -  Adds a 'few' quality of life changes to the recipe book. 

Requiem - Completely changes the death system by adding new mechanics such as player souls and undead possession

MCDiscordChat - MCDiscordChat (MCDC), a practical and powerful Fabric and Quilt Minecraft <> Discord chat bridge inspired by BRForgers/DisFabric

WorldTime - Show the ingame time on your HUD

InvMove - Forge/Fabric mod that adds the ability to walk around while in inventories 

LAN World Plug-n-Play (mcwifipnp) - LAN World Plug-n-Play (mcwifipnp)

Styled Chat - Style your server's chat as you want!

Mixin Conflict Helper - User-friendly errors for Mixin conflicts.

Arcanus - Arcanus is a small magic mod with a magic system inspired by Wynncraft and EB Wizardry

Interactic - Refined item interactions

clientcommands - Adds useful client-side commands 

Respackopts - Config menus for resource packs

Sandwichable - A customizable sandwich mod for Minecraft and Fabric. Plus indev and unreleased versions!

Skyblocker LIAP - [fabric] Hypixel Skyblock Mod for latest version (1.17.x,1.18.x,1.19.x)

thorium - thorium is a fabric mod that fixes 50+ small bugs and annoyances in Minecraft.

Mythic Metals - Adds a large variety of ores, toolsets, weapons and armor to the game.

Traverse - A biome expansion mod that embraces the simplistic nature of Minecraft biomes

Friends&Foes (Fabric) - Adds all eliminated mobs from the minecraft mob votes with rich lore.

Enhanced Attack Indicator - Uses the attack indicator for more than just melee attacks 

Ledger - A serverside logging mod

DisguiseLib - A server-side library that allows disguising entities as other ones.

Kiln - Companion to smoker and blast furnace for smelting stones, sands, bricks, and more. Request from BluKat.

Disable Custom Worlds Advice - Minecraft asking you if you want to load a custom world is annoying. Let's fix it!

Carpet-Fixes - The carpet extension to fix all vanilla minecraft bugs

Custom Splash Screen - Change minecraft's loading screen to your liking! Completely configurable!

ViaFabric - Allows to connect to older servers with older versions

rainbowify - Fabric mod for smooth rainbow and blur backgrounds in minecraft guis

SleepWarp - Speeds up time when sleeping instead of skipping directly to day.

PurpurClient - Fixes client-side vanilla bugs

Speed Of Light FPS Booster (SOL) - A Minecraft modpack to give you the best FPS/Performance possible.

This Rocks! - Adds little rocks, sticks, pinecones, seashells and starfish to your world to make it feel more natural.

Fireplace Lib - A library of common functionality used by my mods, in one place for easier maintenance and faster updates.

Conjuring - Ridiculously fast spawners and powerful tools

Smooth Swapping - Moves items smoothly in inventories

Advanced Furnace - An efficient, practical and convenient furnace

Campanion - A camping mod adding all kind of utilities related to the outdoors.

Pet Owner - Allows you to see who owns an animal

Slyde - Allows dragging sliders further than intended

Clear Skies - Tiny mod that removes the banding at the horizon of Vanilla Minecraft.

ChoiceTheorem's Overhauled Village - Enhances and creates new villages and pillager outposts, that perfectly fit into your Minecraft world.

Roughly Enough Characters [REC][RECH][JECH for fabric] - Adds pinyin search for Minecraft(Fabric). | 为 Minecraft 增加拼音搜索，Just Enough Charcaters 的 Fabric 版本

Wandering Collector - Wandering Traders trade lost items back to the player.

Bedrodium - Little optimization bedrock layer

EasierChests - Move items between inventory and chests easily, includes a sorter

Horse Buff - QOL tweaks for horses

Cardinal Components API - A data attachment API that is easy, modular, and extremely fast.

CustomSkinLoader - Custom Skin Loader mod for Minecraft.

Flywheel - An accessory rendering engine for block entities and entities.

Armor Stand Editor - Simple server side armor stand editor for Fabric

LuckPerms - A permissions plugin (mod) for Minecraft servers.

RandomPatches - A bunch of miscellaneous patches for Minecraft, including configurable connection timeouts, player speed limits and other bug fixes and improvements.

WTHIT Plugins - Waila plugins but for WTHIT!

SeedMapper - In-game Minecraft Fabric mod that allows you to do various things with the world seed.

Here be no Dragons! - Disable the "experimental world settings" warning screen

MCXR Core - Core VR functionality for Non-VR Players, VR Players and Servers

Ears (+ Snouts/Muzzles, Tails, Horns, Wings, and More) - More skin customization options for just about every version + skin back​ports/fixes for pre-1.9 versions.

InfiniteVillagerTrading - Remove the restock limitations from Villagers

AutoSwitch - Automatic switching of tools when you perform an action.

Repurposed Structures - Forge - Adds more variations of vanilla structures and features such as a Jungle Fortress!

Cammie's Minecart Tweaks - Makes Minecarts more viable as a form of transportation.

Show Me Your Skin! - A mod to hide or customize armor rendering. 

Lanterns Belong on Walls - Allows the placement of lanterns on walls.

You're in Grave Danger - A mod focused around death. Will add graves to minecraft

Extended Drawers - Adds drawers and more

Mekanism Tools - Powerful tools and armor for Mekanism.

Dynamic Crosshair - A mod that hides or changes the crosshair dependent on context

CustomHud - A highly customizable variable-based text hud

Entity Distance - Allows the user to adjust the (client) distance at which different entities render.

In-Game Account Switcher - This mod allows you to change your logged in account in-game, without restarting Minecraft

Quick Connect Button - One-click connection to your favourite server!

Get Off My Lawn ReServed - Keep people off your lawn with claims!

Kappa - Adds OptiFine capes to snapshots...

Rubidium - Unofficial Fork of CaffeineMC's "Sodium", made to work with FML

FlightHelper - Fix your pitch to get max distance from your Elytra

Light Overlay - A simple mod to provide users with NEI-like light level overlay.

Cosmetica - Free custom capes and cosmetics for Minecraft

Bosses of Mass Destruction - Adds boss fights to minecraft

Fabric Seasons - A simple mod that adds seasons to the game, dynamically changing biomes as you play.

Skyblocker Modpack - This modpack includes common clientside utilities along with the skyblocker liap mod.

Blanket - Minecraft Client-fixes/tweaks

Mekanism Generators - Advanced energy generation for Mekanism.

I Know What I'm Doing - Suppresses in-game tutorial hints for new game instances.

Universal Ores - Adds ores variants for andesite, diorite, granite and tuff

Tom's Simple Storage Mod - Simple vanilla style storage mod

FabricSit - A server side mod to allow players to sit on slabs and stairs

Masa Gadget - Added some features to the Masa collection of mods.

Forge Config API Port - Yes, you're reading that correctly. This is the whole Forge Config API ported to Fabric.

GolfIV - Anti-exploit mod

Sodium Plus - A client-side optimization modpack with a few extra tweaks.

🔨 Frame API - A Fabric library mod, for Modding Playground

Expanded Axe Enchanting - This mod allows you to use Fire Aspect, Knockback, and Looting on an axe.

Architecture Extensions - A mod that extends one's creativity by implementing new blocks to Minecraft.

Expanded Armor Enchanting - This mod allows you to mix different protection types on the same piece of armor.

Origins: Classes - Add-on for Origins which allows choosing classes in addition to origins.

Wired Redstone - Adds redstone wires and stuff

Farmer's Delight [Fabric] - Farmer's Delight is a mod that gently expands upon farming and cooking in Minecraft.

Xaero Map Addition - Xaero Map Addition

 Paradise Lost - The hostile paradise of yore, bask upon a new dawn

LambdaControls - A Fabric mod which adds better controls and controller support.

AutoModpack - Still manually installing modpacks to play on some server? Let me speed up this boring process!

Earth2Java - Minecraft Earth mobs ported to Minecraft Java Edition

lazy-language-loader - lazy-language-loader improves loading times when changing your language by only reloading the language instead of all the game resources!

VulkanMod - Vulkan renderer mod for Minecraft.

Portal Cubed - A portal mod for minecraft

BetterVanillaBuilding - Not only a retexture, but a texturepack that contains additional blocks, items and biome varieties.  

Better Biome Blend - Improves biome colors

FastAnim - Speeds up entity animation calculations!

MCXR Play - Minecraft VR!

ShulkerBoxTooltip [Fabric/Forge] - View the contents of shulker boxes from your inventory

Extra Alchemy - Add new potion and potion mechanics to the game

LibX - LibX is a library mod with a lot of code that is shared between mods.

Dynamic Asset Generator - Library mod for dynamically generating assets at runtime.

Excavated Variants - Automatically generated stone variants of ores

Gravity API - A fork of Gravity Changer

Advent Of Ascension - A massive adventure and exploration mod designed with the purpose of fleshing out every area of the game as much as possible.

Grid - Overlay a grid over the world to help you build patterns

Icy Incitement - A convenient chilly gadget!

AE2 Things - RS-like disks and some machines ported from AE2 Stuff

Towers of the Wild: Additions - Adds End and Nether Towers resembling Breath of the Wild

MixinTrace - Adds a list of mixins in the stack trace to crash reports 

Why Am I on Fire? - Hides the obstructive fire overlay when it's not needed

Cosmetic Armor - Adds 4 Curios/Trinkets slots for visual armor overrides.

Disenchanter - A flexible Disenchanter because loot shouldn't go to waste

Perspektive - Freelook mod for Fabric

Chronos Client - Chronos Client provides the best possible FPS along with some cool Add-Ons to improve gameplay experience.

Fabric Shield Lib - Makes shields enchantable while also being a tool for modders to easily add in new shields and shield enchantments!

FoamFix - FoamFix is a mod designed to improve modded Minecraft memory usage using simple, targeted optimizations.

Expanded Weapon Enchanting - This mod allows you to mix different weapon enchantment types on the same weapon.

Inv View - Allows you to open and manipulate the inventories and ender chests of online and offline players. Server Side

Decorative - Adds many cool new decorations to minecraft

TweakerMore - A collection of client-side tweak kits to enhance your Minecraft game experience. Tweak Minecraft and beyond!

Where Is It - Search for items in nearby inventories.

Carpet TIS Addition - A Carpet mod (fabric-carpet) extension, a collection of carpet mod style useful tools and interesting features

Modget - The Minecraft Mod Package Manager! Can install mods via commands, search for updates and much more.

The Bumblezone - Quilt/Fabric - An unBEElievable dimension full of bees that becomes REALLY angry if you take their honey!

Resclone - Downloads and updates resource packs automatically

Towns and Tower - Structure Add-on - Spice up your world with new villages and pillager outposts! (among other things)

GrassKiss - Ignore grass when using tools/weapons

RebindAllTheKeys - Adds keybinds to keys that aren't rebindable

Neat -  Functional minimalistic Unit Frames for the modern Minecrafter 

Windchimes - Gentle chimes that sway in the wind.

Balm - Abstraction Layer (but not really)™ for Blay's multiplatform mods

PictureSign - Use signs to display pictures from the web completely client-side!

⚒️ On A Stick - Adds things on sticks!

Biome Particle Weather - Replaces the old weather rendering with particles while spicing it up by adding new effects!

Keep Head Names - Keep display names and lore tags of player heads

Crops Love Rain - Makes crops grow faster when it's raining

TaterCart - A (server side) mod making Minecarts better!

Chromatic Currents - A mod that adds in colored redstone!

BoatHud - Sailing fast in style!

LibZoomer - A library that allows mods to easily implement zooming. The zoom are theirs!

CraftGR - Listen to Gensokyo Radio in-game!

Connectible Chains [Fabric] - Connect your fences with a decorative chain! 

Inventory Tabs (updated) - Client side mod to access nearby blocks without leaving your inventory! Updated for 1.18 and 1.19!

Expanded Trident Enchanting - This mod allows you to use Fire Aspect, Knockback, Looting, and all other sword enchantment types on a trident.

Compass Ribbon - Simple compass HUD

Right-Click-Harvest - Configurable right-click crop harvesting

Perfect Accuracy - Removes any inaccuracy from projectiles shot/thrown by players

FabricProxy-Lite - Fabric mod for support forward player data from velocity

Fabulous Clouds - This mod makes the clouds look much better and adds configurable cloud layers.

Better Than Mending -  A small quality of life tweak to the Mending enchantment 

Biome Makeover - Biome Makeover is a mod that takes vanilla's biomes and gives them a fresh coat of paint.

BanHammer - Simple, customisable punishment utility mod for Fabric

Server Hats - Server-side Fabric mod that allows players equip items as hats

Meal API - An API for Fabric to add more filling foods to Minecraft.

Custom LAN - Gives you more control over your integrated server through the Open to LAN menu.

LibJF - A library for my mods

AntiShulkerDupe - Patches the 1.17+ shulker item dupe

MoreMcmeta - Animate almost any Minecraft texture with more options. 1.16-1.19

Custom Fog - A mod allowing you to customize the appearance of fog in your world.

Better Nether Map - Makes maps work better in the Nether and in other cave dimensions.

Enchantment Lore - Open enchanted books like written books to read their description and lore. 

Nbt Crafting - Nbt data in json recipes! Cauldron recipes, brewing recipes and a hella lot more!

Milk+ - Milk, but better!

Technical Electrical [Forge] 1.19.2 - Technical Electrical is a sandbox style modpack about relaxing and having fun alone or with friends! Build, Destroy or Control the world! (Includes Public Dedicated Server!)

KubeJS - Edit recipes, add new custom items, script world events, all in JavaScript!

Hat List - Show the hat layer on tab list

TooManyOrigins - Origins addon that serves as an extension to the original mod.

ServShred - A serverside veinminer

Fabricated Chisel - Adds lots of blocks that are variations of vanilla blocks

DeepslateCutting Fabric - Use regular Deepslate in the stonecutter!

No More Useless Keys - NMUK - Allows you to add alternative key combinations to every key binding!

Canvas Renderer - Open source shaders for players and content creators

Villager Hats - Craft and wear villager hats.

Make Bubbles Pop - Client-side mod that makes bubble particles pop 

Plushie-Mod - Adds many cute plushies to the game!

Immersive Weathering - An abundance of new natural systems to make your world feel more alive than ever.

Netherite Plus Mod - Do you feel that netherite wasn't fully utilized? Do you want more netherite tools and blocks? Cause then this is the mod for you!

Incorporeal 3 - Addon to a magic mod. More toys for Botania corporea dorks. For 1.18.2.

Styled Nicknames - Simple, but configurable nicknaming mod allowing your server's players (and admins) to change their nickname with full formatting support

Additional Bars - Adds a variety of new bars blocks

Kotlin for Forge - Adds a Kotlin language loader and provides some optional utilities.

Critical Orientation - Quilt mod which helps to place ice boats by snapping orientation to cardinal directions 

Earthbounds - Enhance Minecraft's world with the addition of unique vanilla inspired features

The Guild - Quests, expeditions and adventures await you!

No Unused Chunks - A Minecraft mod that reduces world size by discarding unused chunks.

Particle Blocker - Adds a GUI to pick and choose particles to not render.

BadStdOut - Tells you which mod uses System.out

Advanced Netherite - A vanilla and add-on friendly, open-source mod that adds in more tiers of Netherite!

Basic Shields [Fabric] - Adds vanilla-style shields for each material. All shields fully support banners!

Server Tick -  Makes the F3 TPS graph work on servers 

Stacker - Change the stack size of all items!

CC: Tweaked - CC: Tweaked is a fork of ComputerCraft, adding programmable computers, turtles and more to Minecraft.

Title Worlds - Replaces the Title Screen panorama with an actual world

Symbol Chat - A client side mod that adds a symbol/emoji menu as well as writing in different unicode fonts.

head-down display - A configurable mod that allows hiding arm and hotbar.

SimpleVillagers - Easier villagers mod. Serverside, of course.

ValleyCraft - Farming & cooking overhaul with a dash of exploration!

Silk - Silk is a Minecraft API for Kotlin - targetting Fabric, Quilt and Paper

'Dustrial Decor Fabric - Adds industrial-looking blocks for your mega-factories.

Hold That Chunk - Delays client chunk unloading

Grappling Hook Mod - A mod which adds grappling hooks and other fun ways to move around

Villagers-Follow-Emeralds-Fabric - Villagers will follow you when holding Emerald blocks/ore

qCraft Reimagined - A reimagination of qCraft for modern Minecraft.

True Darkness - Moody brightness not dark enough?  Do you want moonless nights and unlit caverns to be pitch black?  This mod is for you!

Soul Ice - A mod about the next in Ice Tech

NoChatLag (Fabric & Forge) - NoChatLag fixes lagspikes caused by chat by checking the blacklist on a different thread.

Better Taskbar - Show state on taskbar

MCPPPP - A mod which converts from optifine/mcpatcher format to other formats

StatsSearch - Filter statistics entries by string

RandomBlockPlacement - Randomize the block you're holding

Fade In Chunks - Adds a (Bedrock-style) fade-in animation to newly loaded chunks.

Phonos - Broadcast sound throughout your Minecraft world!

Chocolate Bar - A little mod that adds a 🍫 to Minecraft. 

Dying Light - Dying Light In Modpack | Parkour in a Zombie Acop!

MCG - Stores coordinates in an easy-to-access way.

Better Enchanted Books - Makes life easier for enchanters.

Expanded Delight - An addon mod for Farmer's Delight Fabric that adds many more crops and functionality to the base mod

World Specific View Distance - Set view distance per dimension to preserve server resources.

More Block Predicates - Allows resource packs to change block models depending on new conditions!

No Strip - Fabric client side mod that adds a toggle for whether you can strip logs

Skin Swapper - A mod that lets you change your skin in game using a GUI.

Outvoted - Adds in scrapped ideas from past Minecon votes

slotlink - A bad clone of Storage Network for Fabric.

CapeTweaks - A literal mod on capes...

SpeedRunIGT - Displays the timer with Speedrun RTA, IGT in Minecraft

VanitySlots - Vanity armor that covers your normal armor!

Compat O' Plenty - Compat O' Plenty integrates a few popular mods with Biomes O' Plenty for a more complete experience! 

JsonEM - Data driven entity model library

Better Clouds - Beautiful clouds in touch with the vanilla style

Observable - See what's lagging your server.

Immersive Engineering - Retrofuturism, industry and multiblocks!

Witherite Plus - A fork of FlamingCherry's Witherite mod, which adds Wither related tools

Blockify - Allows users to passthrough their Spotify information into Minecraft

Aphid Additions - A mod that adds a bit more life to the End

Halfdoors - A mod to add some smaller doors.

Inventory Control Tweaks - Makes various tweaks to inventory controls including armor swapping and shift-clicking to offhand. 

Mods Command - A Fabric mod adding commands to list, search, and get information about installed mods. 

Motschen's Puddles - Adds puddles that spawn during rain and thunder! Compatible with any shader pack!

NoRecipeBook (Fabric) - Removes the recipe button from the players inventory

Empire Minecraft Utilities - A collection of small utilities for players of Empire Minecraft, a survival 1.18.2 server

Holograms - Simple mod that allows to create of server side holograms

Suggestion Tweaker - Improves the way suggestions are filtered when writing a command

Chat Coords - Send your coordinates in the chat with the press of a button

Fabric-Discord-Link - A Fabric-Discord Chat Link

Polaroid Camera  - A mod that adds a camera that allows players to take pictures and put them on maps. 

Scout - Extending the inventory "physically" (adding slots) through various bags.

HUDTweaks - A fabric mod for Minecraft that adds better HUD configuration.

Artisanat - More building blocks!

Grind Enchantments - Disenchant and transfer enchantments using a grindstone.

MinimalMenu - Minimal Menu is a small client side mod that allows the user independently toggle many buttons on the title screen and options screens.

Smoke Suppression - Client mod to suppress campfire smoke when certain blocks are below the campfire.

Flowery Structures - Adds many small structures into your world

Beyond Earth (Forge) - Fly to Other Planets and Beyond!

RPGStats - RPGStats adds simple, easy to understand stats to your minecraft game

Snowy Trees - Generate snow under trees in snowy biomes

Entity View Distance - This mods allows more precise manipulation of entity view distance on client and server

Monsters in the Closet - Highlights the mobs that are preventing you from sleeping

Puzzles Lib - Why's it called Puzzles you ask? That's the puzzle!

Doggo Mod - Changes the behavior of Minecraft dogs (tamed wolves) to allow them to have more of a personality.

Matchbox - Small convenience tools for the minecraft builder

NBTtooltips - A simple fabric Minecraft mod which adds a feature that allows you to see the custom NBT data of an item when you hover over it and press your shift key.

Clean Logs - A fork of Shut Up Console to add a feature and provide support

quickreplant - Quickly replant crops by clicking them with seeds!

Simple Anti X-Ray - A robust anti x-ray mod for Fabric.

Another Furniture - Vanilla-styled Minecraft furniture mod.

Vistas - Allows the addition of new title screen panoramas

Pick Block Pro - An advanced client side Block, Entity, NBT, Tool and ID picker (Fabric)

Overlord - Raise and command an army of Skeletons

Image2Map - Turn images into maps!

Stoneholm - Underground Villages

Simple Fog Control - Allows simple control over water, nether and terrain fog

Architect's Palette [FABRIC] - Adds various new blocks to build and tinker with!

GLdown - Drops the required OpenGL version to 3.1. By ReeceXW

Spectrum - A full-feature minecraft mod about harnessing the powers of color 

Visible Barriers - Making barriers visible and other mapmaking help.

Mod-erate Loading Screen - An "alternative" to Mod Menu that's a lot less usable.

 Integrated Dungeons and Structures - Integrated Dungeons and Structures (aka IDAS) is a mod that adds heavily detailed structures using blocks and mobs from Quark, Biomes O’ Plenty, Alex’s Mobs, and Create.

Player Pronouns - Server-side mod for pronouns!

MorePictures - The best mod of paintings.

Sync (Fabric) - One mind. Many bodies.

Victus - Custom Hearts - Improving lives - one heart at a time

Bagel's Baking -  Yet another Minecraft mod that adds loads of food & functionality

Emoji Type - Allows you to easily type emoji and emoticons in game.

Cursor Mod - Change your ingame cursor

Leaves Us In Peace - Leaf decay ignores different types of leaves and logs. Also fast leaf decay. Configurable.

Mob Sunscreen - stop mobs that normally burn in the sun from doing just that.

CoFH Core - Core Library for all CoFH mods.

Illager Expansion (Archived) - An archive of the illager expansion mod, for production please use Illager Expansion [Rematch]

The Extractinator - Convert blocks into resources.

ApexCore - Library Mod required by all of ApexStudios' mods

Powershot - Allows various projectiles (e.g. arrows, tridents, etc.) to break user-specified blocks.

Break Free - Lets you keep breaking blocks when you switch items.

OverpoweredMending - Changes the behaviour of Mending to repair things in your inventory

waffle's Modpack - Highly customizable rolling-release client-side pack compatible with any multiplayer server, focusing on performance and features that still feel true to vanilla.

Haema - Become a vampire!

[LEGACY] InvMove (Fabric) - Adds the ability to walk around while in inventories.

Hudium - Tons of HUD tweaks including player stats, block/entity info, durability info, etc. No more pain installing that many mods!

Memory Usage Screen - Shows memory usage during loading.

Shadowed Action Bar - Add text shadows to Action Bar!

TacoCraft - Adds Tacos to Minecraft Fabric 1.15.2+! 

Snow Pig [Forge] - Ever wanted a pig in snowy biomes? No? Well here you go anyway!

BlanketCon 2022 - The official modpack for the BlanketCon 2022 in-game modding event hosted by ModFest

Loading Timer - Adds a timer in where how long it takes Minecraft to load.

Subterrestrial - Adds Underground Cabins from Terraria.

Roughly Enough Professions (REP) - An REI addon that adds profession workstations

Illuminations - A client mod that adds fireflies and various glow-in-the-dark ambient particles to your world.

Oculus - Unofficial Fork of "Iris", made to work with FML

Customizable Player Models - Customize your minecraft avatar!

ReplayMod - A Minecraft Mod to record, relive and share your experience.

AdvancedChatCore - The core mod for AdvancedChat modules

Dynamic Surroundings: Fabric Edition - Alters the fabric of Minecraft experience by weaving a tapestry of sound and visual effects

Mbembe - 100% totally serious cryptid mod

Discord Integration (Mod) - This mod links your server chat with a channel on your discord server

Head Index - An easy to use, server-side head database mod for the Fabric Loader.

Rhino - A fork of Mozilla's Rhino library, modified for use in mods

MagicLib - To beat magic with magic :(

st'ructure tools - Sometimes, building large st'ructures can be a little tedious, and take a lot of effort

Extra Generators - A technology mod that adds a variety of generators to your world.

Mob Origins - An addon to the origins mod that adds many mob themed origins.

Draggable Resource Packs - Makes resource packs draggable instead of needing to click buttons

Clean F3 - Removes useless information from the debug screen.

bodacious berries - a mod aiming to provide the finest berry experience you could possibly ask for

Crowmap - Maps update when they're not in your hand

Yoru - A pre-configured, high performance and QoL optimised vanilla modpack with tools for advanced and new users alike.

 Client Side Noteblocks - Removes lag when playing noteblocks

FastDecay - A simple mod to make leaf blocks decay alot faster

Refined Magic - A mod about expanding the magic system

Multi World Borders - Makes world borders work per dimension

Simple Copper Pipes - Adds vanilla-friendly copper pipes to Minecraft!

Voice Chat Interaction - Voice chat skulk sensor activation and warden detection

Missing Wilds - Adds the features that were scrapped from the Wild Update

Guarding! - Adds in new shield mechanics and enchantments to make them more immersive and complete!

YDM's Weapon Master - With this Mod your Hotbar items (1 to 8) will be visible on your Character, with a unique location for a Shield and Banner.

Fogbox - Makes the skybox render properly!

GrabcraftLitematic - Import GrabCraft builds into Litematica

Friends&Foes (Forge) - Adds all eliminated mobs from the minecraft mob votes with rich lore.

Hey That's Mine - A fabric mod for a container claiming and trusting system.

MobDisguises - Showcasing the possibilities of DisguiseLib library.

Chat Lag Fix -  Fixes Minecraft client lag from receiving chat messages (for 1.17 and 1.16)

microDurability - A very minimal armor durability viewer

Roundaround's Pickup Notifications - Show popup notifications when you pick up items.

Enderscape - A mod focused on improving The End with new biomes, mobs, and other features.

Neutrino - A Light, Quality of Life Fabric Mod for Minecraft, inspired by TCC & Quark!

Void Fog - Brings back the void fog of versions prior to Minecraft 1.8 with some slight... improvements

Advanced Combat (Revitalized) - A modern recreation of Advanced Combat from scratch, for Forge, Fabric and Quilt

Spice of Fabric - An iteration of Spice of Life built for Fabric

Creeper Spores - Griefless creepers with a few tricks

Companion bats - Meet your new best friend, a companion bat!

Auditory - A mod that expands and improves upon the sound and audio aspects of Minecraft!

Extended Clouds - Make clouds render further out!

Profundis - A world generation mod adding in three new underground biomes: the Frozen Caves, the Mushroom Caves, and the Molten Caves.

HexMC - Official PolyMC modpack for the community server

Freecam (Modrinth Edition) - A simple, standalone freecam mod.

Red Bits - Vanilla style redstone additions and improvements

Block Helper - Basically Waila for b.1.7.3 - 1.5.2

Bygone Nether - Explore new structures unique to each Nether biome, as well as the new mobs that inhabit them.

ThatOrThis - A Fabric mod for choosing between sets of Fabric mods.

BetterDarkMode - A small client side mod which fixes text color for custom named blocks when using dark mode resource pack or transparent.

NBT Tooltip - Shows items' NBT data in their tooltip

Sculk - Adds working and accurate Sculk to Minecraft!

Player Events - Sends a configurable message/command when a player dies and leaves or joins the server

Adrenaline - Minimal, base performance layer that tries to make the game as fast as possible.

AdvancedChatHUD - Chat tabs and a brand new design. Tons of customization. 

Rand'Ore - Simple random ore mod for Fabric/Forge/Quilt with configurable ore generation.

Cinderscapes - A biome mod expanding the life of The Nether

cAn i MiNe thIS bLOCk? - this mod is for very smart people who need a mod to know if they can mine a block.

Magitek Mechs - Craft and pilot FF6-style Magitek Armor

Don't Drop It! - Prevents accidental dropping of items via various means.

Simple Pipes - Heavily stripped down port of BuildCraft's "transport" module

Pack Zero - A kitchen sink pack with over 400 mods, mods for everyone and their mums.

Skyblock Builder - Let you create a custom skyblock island via config

AutoRun - Hands-free walking and sprinting in Minecraft

FabricCrossDimTPFix - Fixes a bug where the player doesn't get sent their XP and Potion effects on cross dim teleport.

Chalk (Fabric) - Fabric port of the forge mod chalk by mortuusars with some additions 

Harvest Scythes - Harvest crops in an area

Endermantic Overhaul - A mod helping you to enslave endermen in order to place blocks!

MiniMOTD - Minecraft plugin/mod to set the server list MOTD using MiniMessage for formatting, supporting RGB colors. 

HorseInBoat - Simple Minecraft mod that makes it easy to put horses in boats.

Create Extra - Just some small client mods for the amazing create mod

WMITAF - What Mod Is This Actually From? Shows what mod adds the enchantment on enchanted books and what mod adds the status effect of potions.

EssentialClient - A client side mod that adds many utilities as well as it's own scripting language!

Better Mod Button - Fixes ModMenu's placement of the Mod Button

Legacy VanillaFix - A port of Runemoro's VanillaFix to Legacy Fabric 1.8.9

Anvil Fix - AnvilFix: Vanilla Anvils - but better! This mod removes the level limit for combining Items

IBE Editor - Simple GUI Mod to edit an item, a block or an entity in your current world

Carpet TCTC Addition - A fabric-carpet extension mod. It offers some interesting features.

BetterLeads - Allows you to use leads on more entities

Double Jump Attribute - Double Jump Attribute adds a new attribute giving the players extra mid-air jumps.

Textile Backup - Backup for Fabric

Peculiar Pieces - A mod which adds a bunch of random useful items.

Plant In A Jar - Plant In A Jar is a mod that lets you grow any Minecraft plant (Trees, Crops, etc) inside a 1x1x1 jar.

Sort - a minimalistic container sorter

Smooth Chunks - Adds loading animations for chunks.

QuickCarpet - Powerful toolbox with ultimate control for technical Minecraft

ResolutionControl+ - Allows you to set render resolutions and take large screenshots.

Roughly Searchable - Highlights items that match the current search in REI

Desired Servers - Your desired servers will always be listed.

All of Modrinth - The Ultimate Modrinth Kitchen Sink

Pingspam - Adds discord-like pinging to Minecraft

High Level Enchants - Increases the max level of all enchants; and has other features too

RightClickHarvest - Allows you to harvest crops by right clicking

Quickmäth - Replaces math methods with incorrect alternatives, causing interesting corruption

Chunk Copy (Fabric) - A client-side Minecraft mod that downloads (copies) worlds from multiplayer servers.

Tooltip Tweaks - A mod that expands upon vanilla tooltips with more information.

Infinity Water Bucket - Allows the Infinity enchantment for Water Buckets using an anvil, providing an infinite portable water source 

Numismatic Overhaul - Terraria-style currency in Minecraft

MineMenuFabric - Minemenu, but for Fabric

Simply No Shading - This mod allows you to force disable shading.

Kibe - A miscellaneous mod for Minecraft that adds a bunch of random, and mostly unoriginal things.

Dense Ores: Refabricated - Adds dense versions of all vanilla ores

Creative One-Punch - One-Punch any entity while in creative mode

MCWine - Enhances the vanilla experience with optimization, accessibility & compatibility using complex modification.

Dimensional Threading -  An attempt to optimize the fabric server, by assigning each dimension their own thread. 

Cave Dust - Dust is a Minecraft mod that adds the white ash particle from the Basalt Deltas biome to the underground to simulate dust!

Quantum Freedom [Fabric/Quilt] 1.19.2 - A sequel to the Technical Electrical Series where you can do anything, but built on the Quilt Mod Loader. 1.19.2 Alpha Available Now!

Litematica Server Paster - Let Litematica be able to paste tile entity data of block / entity data in a server

Advancements Debug - This little mod rewrites one function of the advancements logic to make advancements checking faster, and use less recursion. It should prevent StackOverflowErrors with advancements.

BetterEnd Sky - Adds the End sky from the BetterEnd mod

The Graveyard (FABRIC) - A mod that adds structures, mobs and blocks themed aroung the graveyard.

Simple Right Click Harvest - Right click harvesting

Better Combat by Daedelus - Easy, spectacular and fun melee combat system from Minecraft Dungeons.

BisectHosting Server Integration Menu [FORGE] - BisectHosting Server Ordering Menu

Wake Up Time -  Figure out what stage of the day (work cycle) your villagers are in

Redstone Multimeter Fabric - A Fabric port of NarcolepticFrog's Redstone Multimeter mod

Can You Trash It? - Adds three new trashcans to Minecraft for all your different trashing needs!

Terrestria - Terrestria is a detailed and vibrant biomes mod for Minecraft running on the Fabric mod loader.

The Wild Mod [Fabric] - Bring all the features from 1.19 to 1.17 !

Oh My Minecraft Client - Make Minecraft Client Great Again!

Loading Screen Tips - Adds useful tips to loading screens

Unforgiving Void - Configurable behavior when you fall into the void - land in another dimension, fall from the sky, and more!

Osmium - Osmium adds quality of life features to mincraft, much like popular PvP clients. For fabric 1.17 and above.

Pigsteel [Forge] - A nether variant to Iron

Nether Chest - Shared cloud storage for Minecraft.

Sword Blocking - A minecraft fabric clientside mod to restore sword blocking, you just need a shield in your offhand.

Revamped Phantoms - Makes phantoms far more dangerous

Armor Visibility - Let that skin show!

Actually Unbreaking [Fabric] - makes the unbreaking enchantment actually make tools unbreakable!

Show Me What You Got - Allows displaying your items in chat. Brag about your cool equipment!

Independent Pets / IndyPets - Stop cats, wolves, parrots, and more from following/teleporting to you.

Sky Villages - Explore massive and beautiful villages in the sky!

The Bumblezone - Forge - An unBEElievable dimension full of bees that becomes REALLY angry if you take their honey!

Cammie's Wearable Backpacks - Adds classic wearable backpacks in 16 colours!

Auto Third Person - Automatically put yourself in third-person mode when you perform certain actions. Clientside only! Configurable!

Roundaround's Inventory Management - Sort and transfer items with the click of a button.

Simple Cobblestone Generator - All the cobblestone you'll ever need!

FalsePatternLib - A 1.7.10 library containing useful and backported code for mods to use

fullscreeNO - Stops Minecraft from starting in Fullscreen

megane - WTHIT plugin that shows more tooltip than you'll ever want.

Compass Commands - Adds some commands for setting the compass target

OneBar - Makes your HUD smaller, smarter, customizable and... nostalgic?

No Resource Pack Warnings - Disable warnings for outdated resource packs

More Music - Make Minecraft's music play the whole time

Mobs Attempt Parkour - Gives certain mobs the ability to jump over things

Pixelmon Utilities - just a few utilities to make my life easier

Title Fixer - Simple client side mod that makes titles displayed on-screen always fit inside the screen space.

Blossom - Fruit blossoms from trees!

Flonters - miscellaneous flora MOD.

Gravity Changer - Lets you change player gravity direction

Improved Signs - Improvements for your signs and frames on your Fabric/Quilt server

Snow Pig [Fabric] - Ever wanted a pig in snowy biomes? No? Well here you go anyway!

EasyAuth - Authentication mod for Fabric servers

Command Aliases - Alternate short commands for complex commands (with tab completion)

Shadew's Foxes - A small mod that adds 6 new types of foxes.

Time Changer - Allows you to change the time completely clientside!

HD Skins - Custom skin servers with higher resolution

🐈 WPIT (Whose Pet Is That?) - Find out who owns the pets around your world with ease.

BFAPI - "A terrible API for server side fabric mods" - BradBot_1

Rubidium Extra - Port of Sodium Extra to work with Rubidium on FML

Craftable Enchanted Golden Apple - This mod adds the 1.8 crafting recipe for the Enchanted Golden Apple back into the game!

Modern Dynamics - Modern item and fluid transport for Fabric, inspired by Thermal Dynamics.

Fish of Thieves - A mod adds all the fish from Sea of Thieves, fish fer ye pirate!

TNTTime - Displays time left to the TNT explosion.

Neutral Animals - This mod makes chickens, cows, pigs, rabbits, sheep, and villagers fight back!

ShieldDisruptor - A simple fabric mod to hide shields while not defending or to hide other offhand items

Blame - Placing blame on broken mods!

Auto HUD - A Minecraft mod for the Fabric launcher which dynamically hides parts of the user interface

Copper Golem for Fabric - Fabric mod to add Copper Golems. Functionality is experimental and is based on what Mojang announced at Minecraft Live 2021

BlueMap - A Minecraft mapping tool that creates 3D models of your Minecraft worlds and displays them in a web viewer.

Raknetify (Fabric) - A Fabric mod that uses RakNet to improve multiplayer experience significantly under unreliable and rate-limited connections.

Server Pack Unlocker - Allows resource packs provided by servers to be overridden and moved.

Full Slabs - Adds vertical slabs and mixed horizontal and vertical slabs to Minecraft.

Emoji Mod - This mod allows you to send utf emojis to chat easily!

Witherite - Mod for Fabric that adds Wither-related items to the game.

Enriched - Enhancements and vanilla-esque additions such as new Tool, Weapon & Armor Materiels, Biomes, Trees, and more.

Camera Utils - Helpful camera utilities

Replay Voice Chat - A compatibility mod to record Simple Voice Chat with ReplayMod

Better Third Person - Improves third person camera view.

Mining Gadgets Fabric - Because mining with lasers is cool

Shrines Structures - A customizable structure generation mod that provides new structures like shrines, temples, houses, and more for Minecraft Forge

Command Structures - Spawn Jigsaw Structures by command!

Qu Enchantments - Adds Vanilla inspired enchantments to the game.

 Fabric Waystones (Polymer Port) - Fork of Fabric Waystones designed to work server side only!

JMX - JSON Model Extensions

AdvancedChat - A mod that allows for tons of customization for your chat!

TweakerPlus - A collection of client-side tweak kits for enhance your Minecraft game experience

Ensorcellation - Adds many polished and configurable enchantments to the game.

Statues - A little decorative and functional mod

BetterSleeping Revived - This mod adds sleep notifications, gives sleeping players buffs and debuffs to the ones who haven't slept in a long time!

Dynamic Crosshair Compat - Mod compatibility for Dynamic Crosshair

SnowyLeavesPlus - When it is snowing, leaves will slowly turn white, and when it is not, they will turn back to normal

Audio Engine Tweaks - this mod changes how Minecraft schedules sounds in order to prevent the sound pool to fill up

Pleasant Pigeons - Simply adds pigeons into Minecraft.

Eating Animations - A Forge port of the Eating Animation mod

Bee Buddies - Tameable bees and pride bees!

BetterBlockOutline - A client sided Minecraft mod that allows for ample customization of the block outline. Everything from color customization to debug information.

Cammie's Combat Tweaks - An overhaul to Minecraft's combat for both PvP and PvE

Omni-Hopper -  Break free from the constraints of normal hoppers. Experience true item transportation freedom. 

ParadoxSlabs - A mod that allows double slabs to be broken in half.

Thermal Foundation - The Foundation of a Thermally-enhanced world!

Continue Button - Continue the last world you played from the main screen

IMBlockerFabric - IMBlockerFabric is a mod that It can Hide IM(InputMethod) when you don't need to input text! This mod fixes the typing bug exist in Minecraft which annoying Asian players for a long time.

Packages - Opinionated item storage. Sucessor to Worse Barrels.

BedrockSkinUtility - View Bedrock players' skins and capes

JamLib - A library used by JamCoreModding's mods

Switcheroo - Switch your currently held item for an effective item when clicking on a block.

Farmer's Knives [Fabric] - Adds knives to Farmer's Delight Fabric for many other mods

Project: Save the Pets! - Protect your pets from yourself and give them a second chance at life!

Hefty Crops - Hefty Crops that have a chance to grow in place of full-grown Vanilla crops.

Smelting Touch - Adds an enchantment that autosmelts blocks you mine.

EarlyGame - A Minecraft mod for Fabric that aims to overhaul the early game progression.

AdvancedChatBox - Complex suggestions, spell check, and tab completion added in the Minecraft chat box

CompactChat - Clean up your chat by removing duplicate messages!

Stonecutter Recipe Tags - A library which allows for creating stonecutter recipes with tags, saving on JSON files.

Hookshot - A mod that just adds some simple hookshots to the game.

Player Roles - Role & permission management for Fabric servers

Command Block IDE - Replaces the command block GUI to allow editing multiple command blocks at once

Game Menu Mod Option - MOD settings to the game menu as before 1.12.2

No Fog - A simple client-side mod that removes different types of fog

Malum (Quilt) - A Quilt port of the mod Malum - A minecraft mod about dark magic.

Open Parties and Claims - Adds the ability to claim chunks and make player parties, integrates with Xaero's Minimap and World Map

Thermal Expansion - Expanding Minecraft Thermally! A server-friendly and content-rich blend of magic and technology!

SuperCharged - A tech and magic modpack with a lot of content mods, loads of utility and some other stuff

UI Input Undo (Fabric) - A client-side Minecraft mod that allows you to undo and redo text in UI input fields.

Lifts - A technology mod that adds various lifts for better vertical traversal inside your world.

Mod Settings for Fabric - Provides an easy to access configuration screen for all installed mods

Sugar - 🍬 Vanilla Minecraft modification package aimed at 🔥 Optimization with a sprinkling of 🚀 User Experience Improvements.

Prefab - Provides items for automatically generating buildings in the world

Steampunk Create - A steampunk themed 1.18.2 modpack with a touch of magic.

Easy Painter - Easy painter is a server-side mod for improving paintings, including a selection gui, adding custom paintings and more!

Better Runtime Resource Pack (BRRP) - A library mod to generated resource at runtime. Based on and made enhancements on ARRP mod.

Watson - Updated Watson that displays LogBlock, CoreProtect or Ledger query results in 3D.

Logic Gates (Fabric) - A Minecraft mod that adds logic gates to the game.

Statement - Library for blockstate property manipulation

Kentucky Fried Axolotls - Adds Fried Axolotls 

UtilitiX - Nice to have items, blocks, and other features.

Buildable Campfire - Instead of crafting, you need to build Campfires, piece by piece.

Time in a Bottle - Accelerate blocks with the time you build up in your gameplay

Excavar - A lightweight excavation mod for modern Minecraft versions

Command GUI Buttons（Fork） - A fabric mod can create custom command buttons on players' clients.

Chat Sounds - Plays a sound whenever a chat message is received.

VanillaFix - Avoid having to restart on crashes, and increase FPS by up to 3x

Triangulator - Improved 1.7.10 renderer and fixed smooth lighting

Minecraft but you can make portals out of ores! - You can craft portals to special dimensions made of a certain ore

Experience Bottler - Add a block that can be used to bottle any quantity of experience points. The bottled experience points can be drunk like a potion, giving the experience points to user.

Boosted Brightness - Set your brightness beyond default levels.

ColoredGlow Lib - Library to make entities glow different colors other than vanilla

FabSit - Sit in Fabric!

Egg Of Capitalism - Get a dragon egg for every "The End." achievement. 

What's That Slot? - Utility that highlights which items can be placed in an item slot.

Cobbled Paths - Various cobbled and paved paths for faster and aesthetic streets

OutPerform - A highly performance-optimized Modpack.

I'm Here Get Moving - A simple serverside mod that pauses daylight ticks whenever no one is online.

Damage Tint - Adds a red tint when the player takes damage

Ngrok LAN - Share your singleplayer world as a server for you and your friends across the globe, in one click!

Vanilla AIOTs - We need AIOTs (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻

Playtime Tracker - Tracks playtime without including time spent afk.

Health Levels - This mod lets you gain experience to get more health.

Simple RPG - A Simple RPG modpack

REI Plugin Compatibilities - Workaround for mods accessing JEI apis

Mine Little Pony - Turns players and mobs into ponies

Thermal Innovation - Thermal Technology marches on. Adds Thermal-style tools and equipment!

Utilities - Rich coded accessories to enchant your game

Mahou Tsukai - A magic mod focused on special effects and spell uniqueness

UltraPickaxe - Adds an ultra pickaxe that can break bedrock

Block Meter - A mod to measure block distances

Boat Fall - Makes boats and their passengers take fall damage

AnimFix - Decreases the stuttering caused by animated textures in 1.7.10

BetterHurtCam - nohurtcam but better

Reforged - Balkon's Weapons and more for modern versions of Minecraft

DeltaLogger - A block, container and entity logging tool for the fabric mod loader

Beacon Overhaul - Introduces a tier system and better effect scaling for beacons.

'Slight' Gui Modifications - Allows 'slight' gui modifications

Display Case - Decorative block for beautiful storage of one item

Factions - Highly customizable, fast and fully featured solution to factions for Fabric

Extended bookshelves - Adds additional bookshelves

Flowery Core - Core for Flowery Structures mod

Zoomglass - Use a spyglass quickly, with a press of a button!

Dark Fantasy - A collection of dark fantasy mods to enhance your witchy existence

Tooltips+ - marginally improved tooltips

Dyed - Properly dyed horse armor!

Basic AIOTs - Adds AIOTs - All In One Tools - into the game.

Nether Gold Veins - A small mod that adds large veins of Nether Gold Ore to the Nether.

Translate This! - In-game translator

Pettable - A mod that allows you to pet friendly creatures

Waystones - Teleport back to activated waystones. For Survival, Adventure or Servers.

OpenMCSkins - A custom skin loader for Minecraft

Iris Explorer - Shaderpack Explorer for Iris

Flagbric - Display your banners as flags!

Extended block shapes - More blocks in more shapes!

Redstone Bits - Adds a few new Redstone utilities to Minecraft

Archer's Paradox - Adds polished and configurable arrows and archery tools to the game.

Winterly - A mod that adds decorative items themed around winter and holiday things.

Better GUI Scaling - Improves Minecraft's GUI Scaling!

Better Flight - Flap your elytra wings to fly higher!

Thermal Cultivation - Thermal gets Agrarian!

RandomTP - The best Random Teleport Mod ever!

Icarus - Adds a bunch of colourful and unique wings that can be worn in the Trinkets Cape slot.

Nostalgic Tweaks - Brings back a plethora of Minecraft Alpha/Beta gameplay elements. This mod is intended for nostalgic enthusiasts who want to relive the glory days of Minecraft by tweaking the mod to their preference.

Paginated Advancements - Better advancements screen

Automatic Tool Swap - Swaps the tools to the effective one if it's in hotbar

Multiworld - Create & Manage Worlds. Multiverse alternative for Fabric & Forge

Technical Minecraft Essentials  - QOL Tools for designing and building contraptions in technical minecraft

Global Datapacks - Makes a folder in your game directory for datapacks to use in every world.

Cauldron Dyeing - Bring Bedrock's cauldron-based armor dyeing to Java Edition.

Fire's Survival Tweaks - Various enhancements intended for Survival mode, including silk spawners, cave-ins, slime enhancements, infested block blend, and more.

Trufflez' Arcanum - An alchemy-based magical tech mod

Simply Houses - A simple mod that generates houses to enhance your worlds

Glassential (Forge) - Various types of glass to aid in your building.

Recipe Unlocker - Unlocks all the crafting table recipes.

Simpler Auth - SimplerAuth is a mod that adds server-side authentication.

Grizzly bear mod - Adds Grizzly bears to the minecraft!

CraftingPad - Adds a portable crafting table to the game

Connected Doors - Allows double doors to open and close together.

Fantasy's Furniture - Adds Fantasy-Themed Furniture & Decorational blocks to the game

AxolotlViewer - Makes it easier to see what type of axolotl is in your inventory

Too Many Players - Allows you to increase FPS with a large crowd of players

Basalt Walker - New enchantment allows you to walk on lava.

FPS Modpack [ 1.19 ] - Simple modpack to boost FPS in Minecraft. Have a good game!

Time Display - Adds an in-game overlay to display current and world time!

No Sneaking Over Magma! -  Makes magma deal damage even when players are crouching.

Cyan - Adds a few commands for survival Minecraft server and client

Dark Graph - A client mod that changes the debug frame graphs to use a dark theme.

Et Futurum Requiem - A continuation of the old Et Futurum mod, by ganymedes01

TimeOutOut - Configure connection timeouts from client to server.

TickTools - A fabric mod for tick modification and management

Not Enough Servers - general serverlist improvements for minecraft

Fullbright - Makes your game brighter. Now you can finally see stuff!

Shelve Refabricated - Vanilla-esque additions. Now ported to Fabric.

SimpleAuth - Authentication mod for Fabric or Forge servers

Textbook - Import books from text files or clipboard, and export books to text files.

Erroring Entity Remover - Removes entities that throw errors and crash the game while ticking.

Fog Control - Allows the user to adjust the (client) distance at which fogs render or disable them completely.

Building Wands - Building wands with different modes

Bricklayer - Bricklayer expands on the variety of bricks and brick-related items.

RenameIt - 📝 Little Fabric mod that allows you to edit item/block name, lore and color.

Trinkets Curios Theme - It make Trinkets mod look like Curios mod.

VersionChanger - Change the displayed minecraft version

Server Chat History - Sends the chat history to players on join.

Horizontal Portals - Adds Horizontal Nether Portals, Vertical End Portals and Aether Portals if The Aether is present.

AdvancedChatLog - A simple way to filter and view mass amounts of Minecraft messages

Innovation Timespace 5 - Kitchen Sink Modpack, mostly focused on tech mods

Better End Sky - Ripoff of the Better End mod's sky renderer in a standalone mod for a client-side only usage.

🦇 Direbats - Bigger, annoyed bats

Gravestones - A gravestones mod for fabric with tons of config options, an API, and more! 

Simple HUD Utilities - A collection of small improvements to the Game's HUD

TraderNPCs - A Taterzens addon that adds ability to create GUI traders.

JsMacros - Macro and Scripting mod supporting many events and triggers.

Ender Bundle - An Ender Bundle for inventory management for Forge and Fabric. Link a hopper to the bundle and create automated setups!

Custom GUI - Allows users to do more with GUIs in resource packs

MidnightControlsExtra - Unlocks additional features in MidnightControls that might be considered as cheats.

NiceMod - New blocks - A mod for Fabric that adds new decorative and building blocks

Neko's Enchanted Books - Gives every Enchanted Book in Minecraft a unique texture!

Horse Debug Info - Show Speed / Jump / Max health of horses !

Better Withered Mobs - This mod adds Withered Bones, Withered Bone Meal, Withered Bone Blocks, a Potion of Decay, and a Withering enchantment! Wither Skeletons spawn with swords with the Withering enchantment of a random level (This can be disabled in the config). Withered mobs no longer drop regular Bones and only drop Withered Bones (This can be disabled in the config).

AllStackable - Making items stackable and customizing their stack size!

Wilder Wild - This mod aims to upgrade the Wild Update!

Friends&Foes (Quilt) - Adds all eliminated mobs from the minecraft mob votes with rich lore.

Semblance - A server side mod used to rebrand your server

Too Many Binds - Solve the keybind problem, once and for all.

Iam Music Player - Enjoy music in game

AmbientSounds - #listentonature

Silence! - Silence Minecraft quickly without turning the PC speakers off

World Cutters - What if stone cutters could actually cut stone?

Hunger Remover - Removes the hunger bar and makes food restore health.

WebStreamer - A mod that let you display web streaming in HLS format. Currently supporting raw HLS, Twitch and static images.

Fabric Tab List - a mod to customize the player tab list on fabric servers

SomeOrdinaryTweaks - Some Ordiary Client sided tweaks ranging from finer control over Toasts(Popups) to slight QOL GUI changes

Right Click, Get Crops - As the title says.

Sodium Crash Fix - This mod simply fixes the crash (Sodium Issue#1016).

Lakeside - A revamp for Minecraft's lakes.

Combined Modifiers - Combines NBT and hard-coded attribute modifiers

HotbarCycle - Adds Stardew Valley-inspired hotbar cycling.

Reasonable Sorting - Sort your items in your creative inventory

 Gimme bundles! - Enables the use of the experimental bundles.

SpaghettiTrees - Mildly cursed custom tree/forest generation mod for Fabric/Quilt

Warden Loot [Fabric] - A configurable fabric mod that adds very powerful (and very hard to get) weapons and armor, themed around the Warden and the Ancient City

Transparent - Allows resource packs to make certain entities support transparency.

Automated Crafting - Adds a simple autocrafter block. Has a simple mode and a... not simple mode.

More Geodes - Adds Emerald, Quartz, and Diamonds geodes

Manhunt: Fabric - Dream's Minecraft manhunt, built from the ground up for the Fabric Mod Loader.

🔦 Gamma Boost - A Minecraft mod to allows minor boosting of brightness in certain contexts

Sound Categories - Allows mods to add more sound categories that are adjustable in the Minecraft sound settings.

Expanded Caves - Expanded Caves adds a range of decorative blocks, stone types, plants and structures to diversify the underground.

Cave Enhancements - A mod that adds in new exciting features to the caves to expand upon 1.18!

Registrator - Auto-Magic Registration System built ontop of Registrate

Let Sleeping Dogs Lie - Fabric - Mod that lets dogs lie down after sitting for a while.

Conveyor Belts - Simple conveyor belts

Polydex - Target block/entity tooltip and recipes in one ui mod for servers!

Artifality - Collection of new unique artifacts, blocks, enchants, and other stuff.

Powah! - A tech mod that adds various ways to generate, store and transmit Energy.

Shuffle - Randomly place blocks from your hotbar

Amethyst Imbuement - A magic mod focused on crystal magic, spell casting, and utilizing your experience

FeyTweaks - Mod for optimizing signs and beacons.

Legacy Bows - Bring back the old legacy machine gun bows! This mod also works for crossbows and both of them can be enabled and disabled in the config!

Geckolib - A 3D animation library for entities, blocks, items, armor, and more!

Mining Helmet - Add lights source that you could wear.

Parry - Block with your sword! Just like old times!

Satin API - A Fabric library to help modders with shader usage

Big Pony - Ah AM a big pony!

SimpleChat - Chat mod for Fabric servers - A small mod for a customizable chat, with the most simple settings

WC Tech & Magic - WC Tech & Magic 1.16.5 is a mod pack that utilizes the full potential of both tech and magic.

Day Dream - This mod allows you to sleep during the day to make it night.

FluxTech - A "tech" mod focused around schmovement.

CraftPresence - Completely Customize the way others see you play in Discord!

Magic Fungi - A mushroom-centered utility/magic mod

Idwtialsimmoedm - I didn't want to install a library so I made my own Enchantment Descriptions mod

Shards! - Get the most out of broken glass

AutoRegLib - Library mod for some of the Violet Moon mods

The Lost Era Modpack - Designed for players of all skill levels to fully utilize modded content, be it Magic, Tech or otherwise.

Sparkle! - Makes diamonds, amethyst, beacons, and other configurable blocks and items emit glow-in-the-dark sparkling particles!

CrossStitch - A Minecraft mod designed to improve Minecraft proxy compatibility

Pick Up Notifier - Be notified about all the things you've just collected.

Galaxy Odyssey - Challenging exploration-oriented survival pack with fine-tuned, balanced progression, based mostly around Tinkers' Construct, EnrivoMine, and Galacticraft.

PaperDoll - Get a customizable (bedrock like) preview of yourself

Guns Without Roses - Simple Terraria-like guns and bullets to go with them. Does not add roses.

WILD - The Best Mods of The Wild Update | Forge and Fabric

KronHUD - A HUD mod for Minecraft

Roundaround's Villager Converting - Villagers attacked by zombies always get converted instead of dying.

GoogleChat - Automatic, multi-service, client- or serverside message translations

Annotated DI - Dependency Injection library for Minecraft mods

Dropz - Dynamic item drops.

Infinity Fix - Better Infinity enchantment 

FabricAutoCrafter - Auto Craft Things Server Side Only

Mineclub Expanded - QoL mod for the minecraft server "mineclub"

Horse Stonks - Prevents horses from getting worse stats than their parents

ItemFlexer - Simple server-side mod that allows you to flex you items

Additive - Simple, super-fast Optifine alternative modpack.

Runic - A magic QoL for early and mid-game

Mod Remapping API - Remaps non fabric mods at runtime with hooks available to expand it.

Low Fire - Make the frst-person fire overlay less obtrusive by lowering its height on screen.

FabricTPA - A server-side Fabric mod that adds /tpa command-set

Structure Compass - Adds a compass for each structure that you can use to locate structures

Quicksand - Adds Quicksand to your world!

Advanced Peripherals - Advanced Peripherals is a mod that adds many useful extensions for CC:Tweaked(Computercraft).

Suggestion Provider Fabric - Fixes auto-completion of resource locations for mod namespaces

Screencopy - Let's you copy screenshots to your clipboard.

Where-Is-My-Stuff - A simple mod that shows the coordinates of the location a player died in the death screen, and adds a button to copy the location to clipboard

FabricHomes - FabricHomes is a small, server-side Fabric mod that adds /home command and its counterparts

Hyper Lighting [Forge] - Advanced Lighting for Minecraft

Terrarian Slimes - A mod strongly inspired by Terraria, that aims to add new slimes and useful items to the game.

Discerning Furnace - Only smeltable items are allowed in furnaces.

Snow Under Trees (Fabric) - Adds snow under trees in snowy biomes

Impersonate - Impersonate: to assume or act the character of

Enhanced Searchability - Adds useful search boxes into the UI

AdvancedChatFilters - Filter text in Minecraft chat with many options

BisectHosting Server Integration Menu [FABRIC] - BisectHosting Server Ordering Menu

Block Entity Extended Rendering - Block Entity Extended Rendering (or BEER for short) is a small mod to make block entities render from further away.

Extra Sponges - Adds stronger material based sponges!

Soulbound - An enchantment that retains items upon death

Fantasy's Dice - Adds various Dungeons & Dragons inspired Dice to the game

Optimized Forge - Forge But Optimized to The Max! | More Fps And Faster Chunks

Totally Lit - Some light sources will extinguish under various conditions.

Automation - Modpack Designed for automation

Borderless Mining Reworked - Tab out of Minecraft without it disappearing.

TP Utils - Client side teleportation utility mod that makes it much easier to get around. It includes, among other things, highly improved WorldEdit teleports.

Meet Your Fight - Adds various bosses to fight for unique goodies.

SuperMartijn642's Core Lib - SuperMartijn642's Core Lib adds lots of basic implementations that allow for similar code between different Minecraft versions!

Fabrication - A huge collection of vanilla tweaks and small features. Trident improvements, bugfixes, furnace minecart changes, note block enhancements, old lava, old logo, oh my!

Dumplings Delight - More dumplings for Farmer's Delight.

Desolation - Wildfires bring both destruction and renewal.

Homabric - 🏠 Little yet powerful home management mod for Fabric

JourneyMap Integration - Adds some mod integrations for our favorite map mod

Box of Placeholders - Adds few useful placeholders from other mods (Fabric Placholder API)

Iron Chests - Improved chests for Minecraft

ASH - Another Simple HUD - ASH - Another Simple HUD with FPS count, coordinates and compass

Grounded Origins - An Origins addon that adds the Beach Crab, Deer, Moth, and Penguin origins

Legacy Mod Menu - A port of Mod Menu to Legacy Fabric / Legacy Rewoven

Camp Fires Cook Mobs - Mobs that die on camp fires drop cooked meat.

Global Packs - Ship default Data- & Resourcepacks with Modpacks!

Better Game Menu - Very Ikisugi Better Game Menu

Interdimensional - A fabric mod for creating and managing custom dimensions and portals

DynRes - Host a resourcepack directly on your server

tps-hud - A fully customizable mod for fabric that displays the servers tps.

🔨 Crumbs - A mod for the builders

Leftist Potions - Puts the potion icons back on the left side of the inventory screen.

Legacy Console Experience - A simple modpack trying to recreate the old console feel, with the power of fabric!

StitchedSnow - Allows snow to stack in Minecraft

Trees Do Not Float - Annoyed by trees that don't respect the fundamental laws of physics? Put those trees in their place with Trees Do Not Float!

OptiPack - Feature-rich Quality of Life pack, with OptiFine-like features and performance optimisations.

Unidentified Enchantments - Hides the Enchantments on loot items. Perfect for an RPG based pack!

Extension - A Vanilla client/server compatible mod in the vein of Essentials

Slabs From Wood - Adds slabs made from wood and logs to Minecraft. Nothing else.

Discord4Fabric - A beautiful Discord bot client for Fabric

KoroWorld-Lib - It integrates Hutool-All 5.8.3 with JavaWebSocket.

Stormfest - Adds a Charged Music Disc dropped by Charged Creepers killed by Skeletons.

Otyacraft Engine - Felnull integration mod library.

Apugli - An addon to Apoli/Origins for use with certain mods/datapacks.

Rain Growth - Speed up plant growth time when its raining.

环三亚甲基三硝胺 Cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine (C3H6N6O6) - A module for multi-threaded operations on entities

Simple Tool Upgrades - Adds craftable upgrades that allow you to customize your desired tool the way you want!

SuperMartijn642's Config Lib - Config Lib makes dealing with config files just a bit easier.

Server Backpacks - A mod that adds server-side backpacks.

Wild Firefly - Add firefly to minecraft.

Golemancy - Golemancy is a mod about capturing the souls of mobs, breeding them, and using them to create faithful golem servants to do your bidding.

Infusion Table - Infusion Table give player possibility to rip enchantment from item into book.

EndlessIDs - A rewrite of NotEnoughIDs for 1.7.10 with even more IDs!

Data Attributes - Overhauls the entity attribute system and exposes it with datapacks.

SmartHUDReheated - Adds an additional hotbar to show helpful items in your inventory

Map In Slot - Small mod to make maps render in inventory/hotbar slots

ItemResistance - Stops dropped items from exploding

Reacharound - Reacharound block placement.

FabricNoMobGrief - Disables mobs destroying blocks

AudioPlayer - Put your own audio files on music discs!

The Corners - Explore the corners of the universe, where no man was meant to.

Speed Trading - Adds a button to the villager trading GUI to repeat the current trade until it's no longer available.

Old Walking Animaton - Brings back the walking animation from the Indev days of MC

Alaska Native Craft - This mod aims to bring various aspects of Alaska Native cultures to Minecraft!

Pistorder - A mod that shows the block movement order of a piston

Couplings - Coupled usage of doors, fence gates, and trapdoors

Artifacts - Adds various treasure items that can be found through exploration

PlayerEx - Adds attributes, levels and skill points - RPG themed.

Void Crafting - Adds a void crafting recipe type

uwu >~< - i-it uwuifies stuff fow you! >~<

Origins: Umbrellas - A umbrella mod for Origins

NoWheel - a simple minecraft mod that disables scroll wheel in hotbar 

Translater - Corrupt minecraft text by translating it back and forth

Old School Minecraft - Bring back the Alpha/Beta feel of Minecraft!

Economical Villager Trading - Villagers restock buy trades when you use up a sell trade, and vice versa.

Better Resource Pack Sorting - Upgrades the sorting used for resource packs

MCInstance Loader - A small mod that allows to install mcinstance files, a modpack format that can include overrides and download files.

Incantationem -  A vanilla+ mod adding diverse enchantments and curses, all integrated into the vanilla ecosystem.

Wither Cage Fix - Fixes vanilla bug where withers forget their targets. Also adds a gamerule: 'allowBlueWitherSkulls'. 

Starry Skies - Starry Skies is a modern revamp of the "planetoids" world generator of MC Beta 1.2.5 - although a LOT more extensive and with mod support.

ForceGL20 - Forces the game to use OpenGL 2.0!

Just A Battery - Well it's just a battery. Good for early and late game and easy upgradable without grinding recipes.

Height Limit Mod - Shows the build limit of bedwars maps on the hypixel server

Mining Cooldown Fix - Removes the client-side delay of 300 ms between breaking blocks.

Healer - Patch up CVE-2021-44228 for minecraft forge 1.7.10 - 1.12.2 

Extreme sound muffler - Extreme sound muffler is a client side mod that allows you to muffle sounds selectively.

OofMod - A PvP mod for 1.8.9 which plays a sound upon an action.

Enchanted Vertical Slabs - Vertical slabs is a vanilla-like mod that adds vertical slabs to Minecraft 1.17 and 1.18

Nameless Servers - Allows the name field for servers to be blank

No Mob Generation - Simply stops spawning of animals in populating chunks. This helps to prevent lag

InvMoveCompats - Addon for InvMove that adds additional mod compatibilities

Cats Expanded - [Fabric] Adds more gameplay to cats & adds catears 

Tool Leveling+ - level up your enchantments higher than the vanilla limit

Factorization - This mod adds minimalist parts for expanding vanilla redstone automation, and many other things.

ExtraArmor - EXA add's new armor and more!

Ping - A ping tool like in Portal but for Minecraft

Pick-BlockState - Pick-blocking now copies the blockstate if the block isn't a block entity

Map Compass - Adds a compass to maps.

JEI Integration - Providing Integrations & Tooltips - Forge 1.10+

Block Event Separator - See the world one block event at a time.

Spectater - A simple Fabric mod that fixes a spectator bug.

Back in Classic - Brings back old features to new versions of Minecraft!

Cyclops Core - Library mod for EvilCraft, Integrated Dynamics and others.

BeeFree - Makes changes to Bees and Weather for modpacks with lots of rain or snow.

Pure Mining Dimension - A Mining Dimension with ores and trees nothing more and nothing less.

Lucky Blocks (Fabric) - The modern style Lucky Blocks for Fabric

Infused Foods - Infuse edible foods with any Potion Effect

Illager Expansion [Rematch] - A Fabric Mod that focuses on expanding content surrounding the mysterious Illagers in Minecraft! Updated for 1.19+

Momentum Fabric - A more vanillia feeling alternitve to vein miner, gotta go fast!

Firework Frenzy - An overhaul to Firework Rockets and how the Crossbow makes use of them.

Crafting Tweaks - Allows you to rotate, balance or clear the crafting matrix by the press of a button, in any (supported) crafting window.

Bed Benefits [Fabric] - Bed Benefits ported to fabric. adds some additional benefits to sleeping.

Just Load - Skips the title screen entirely and loads straight into a singleplayer world.

Golems Galore - Creative and inventive golems that will bring new RPG to your world!

MinecraftCapes - Custom Capes anyone with the mod can see

Automatic Path - Creates path where you walk.

Cursed Legacy API - API for fabric / beta 1.7.3

nogizmo -  Disables the F3 3D direction gizmo crosshair and replaces it with the default one 

Potion ID Packet Fixer - Fixes packet issues due to potion ids above 255

Rebind Narrator - it's 2021 and you can't change the narrator key UPDATE: it's 2022 and you still can't change the narrator key

Mending Levels - Adds levels to the mending enchantment (higher level = more efficient xp conversion)

Ice Boat nerf - Makes it so boats don't go extra fast on ice.

No Fade - Remove fade out animations in Minecraft

No Arrows In You! - Bored of arrows in your head? This mod will stop rendering them in your body! You can also toggle many more stuff...

Sneaky! - A mod that fixes sneak in minecraft!

Foodstuff Quilted - Foodstuff adds a lot of food to the game to enhance your Minecraft experience. Foodstuff Quilted is a reimagination for foodstuff based on Quilt modloader for 1.18.2. 

Iron Chests (Fabric) - A complete Fabric port of the original Iron Chest mod.

The Box Trot - I am living in your barrels

Circular - Makes your Inventory a circle

No Nether Portal Overlay - This mod removes the annoying nether portal overlay!

Big items, duh! - A Minecraft Fabric mod to see items in big, duh 

Grand Economy - A server-side economy mod and api for hooking into various economy mods/plugins.

Item Suggestions Not Require Mod Name - When using tab completion on a command you don't have to prefix with the mods id 

Semitranslucency Fix - Because Mojang doesn't want to

Imperishable Items (Fabric) - Adds an enchantment that makes the item it's on last forever

Pigsteel [FABRIC] - A nether variant to Iron

Silk Spawners - Collect spawners with silk touch

Village Names - Backports modern village structures and villager designs, and generates names for villages and villagers, and other entities and structures.

BlockTuner - A note block tuning assistant for fabric

PneumaticCraft: Repressurized - Doing cool stuff with compressed air

TomsServerUtils - Some utilities for running a server with Fabric!

Slabby - Vertical Slabs Mod

ChatCalc - A simple mod that turns your chat into a calculator.

RealisticCraft - Taking Minecraft realism to the next level.

Gilded Armor - Gilded armor can be used to make piglins peaceful while using other armor.

narrator off - This mod disables the narrator.

Jello - A Mod based around Slime and Color 

McMouser - A mod that fixes various mouse bugs on macOS

BANG - "BANG!" shouted the crafting table, "I mean the Benchworking Aesthetic Noise Generator™."

Particle Rain - Replaces rain with particle effects

Mining Master - Adds 10 new Enchanting Ores to the world to spice up mining!

Rare Ice -  Adds rare ice into the world. Can you find them?

Thermal Locomotion - Thermal hits the tracks!

Steel - Create tougher, more durable equipment.

Goblin Traders (Fabric) - An Unofficial Port of MrCrayfish's Goblin Traders Mod

EnhancedCraft - Minecraft, enhanced.

Drip Sounds (Forge) - Adds sounds for drip particles landing

DarkKore - A library mod for DarkKronicle's mods

InvSync - This mod allows for syncing inventories and player data between all of your minecraft servers! (Or as many as you choose 😊) 

Crawl - Allows you to crawl

FeaturedServers - This is a mod that removes the need to ship a servers.dat file that overwrites player-added servers.

Speedrunning modpack - Collects all mods for speedrun that are legalized on speedrun.com

FPS BOOM! - Client-only FPS and performance enhancements

Keep That Music - Stops Minecraft from interrupting Music when switching worlds/servers

VanillaDisable - Allows you to change many vanilla features with GameRules.

Cooldown Coordinator - Fabric library to help mods coordinate item movement cooldowns

Mc122477Fix - A simple mod that fixes MC-122477, the random extra chat character on Unix-based systems

Version Mod Loader - Loads Fabric mods from folders based on Minecraft version

Home Camp - Make a Campfire your spawn point.

Bing Bing Wahoo - Bringing the physics of Super Mario 64 to Minecraft, one wahoo at a time.

Just Enough Professions (JEP) - A JEI addon that adds profession workstations

MoreVanillaLib - A library mod for a few of my mods

CobbleGen - Customize cobblestone generators

Gravel Carts - Minecarts travel wayyy faster on rails on gravel.

WagYourMinimap - Minimap and Worldmap. Track and view your world.

Disc Jockey - Play note block songs in Minecraft

Title Fix Mod - When exiting a world or server, the in game title overlay will be cleared to prevent transferring to the next world.

No Shield Delay - A recreation of Revvilo's Responsive Shields in Fabric.

Vampirism Integrations - Addon to Vampirism providing more mod integrations

Better Chat - Client-side chat enhancement mod

Do a Barrel Roll - Microsoft flight simulator for Minecraft elytras.

Legacy Display - Bring back the Minecraft legacy display! You can now have the Legacy Title Screen, the Legacy Loading Screen, the legacy FPS Display, the legacy Chunk Update Display, the legacy Minecraft Version Display, and a Coordinates Display and it's fully customizable in the config!

Entity Banners - A mod strongly inspired by Terraria, which adds entity-specific banners that increase damage and defense against the entity for players nearby.

No More Night Vision Flashing! - Replaces the flashing night vision expiration with a gentle fade.

MAtmos - MAtmos is a sound atmosphere generator for Minecraft.

Armor Poser - Adds a GUI for armor stands in which you can configure it's pose and other properties

No View Bobbing Screen Shake - Disables the screen shake present with view bobbing

Recipe Book is Pain - Makes the recipe book "copy" creative tabs

Fabricae Ex Nihilo - Fabricate From Nothing

Mythic Metals Decorations - Adds various metal-themed decorations for Mythic Metals.

Terracraft - Terracraft is a Fabric mod for Minecraft that adds content from Terraria in a way that doesn't feel out of place in vanilla.

Roundaround's Axolotl Buckets - Show the color and age of axolotls when in buckets.

AxolotlClient - Free & Open-Source Minecraft Launcher + Modpack for use in PvP and other Scenarios

Waxed Not Waxed - Adds a simple indicator to know if a copper block is waxed or not!

NoExpensive - Make anvil "too expensive" requires level 39 experience.

Fabric2Discord - 🤝 Link your Fabric server and Discord with ease!

No Enchant Cap - A simple mod to enhance some aspects of enchanting.

Apathy - Disable entities from attacking players. Way too configurable.

Diamond Economy - Simple diamond-based economy for fabric

Caracal mob - This mod adds caracals to your world!

Boat Step Up - Makes boats step up blocks and water.

Fire Overlay Controller - Allows changing the in-game fire burning overlay opacity and height.

PluckableArrows - Renders arrows stuck in mobs and allows picking arrows out of mobs

Nears - Fruits for the nether.

Zombify - Prevents villagers from dying when converting to zombie villagers on any difficulty

Unvoted & Shelved - Gives life to the mobs that lost the votes.

Nikolite Expansion - Adds block versions of Nikolite to the Industrial Revolution mod

Freedom of Insomnia - Completely server-side mod for Fabric that allows players to disable phantom spawning (doInsomnia) individually. You're free to stay awake as long as you want now!

Yttr - A mod about the Void, what has gone before, and where you'll go from here. A vanilla overhaul crossed with a content mod.

playerAnimator - animate the player

FastOpenLinksAndFolders - A lightweight mod to make the game not block when opening a chat link, a screenshot or the resourcepacks or datapacks folder.

CC:C Bridge - Adds compatibility between the ComputerCraft and Create mod!

Ivan Carpet Addition - A Carpet mod (fabric-carpet) extension, a collection of carpet mod style useful tools and interesting features

FabricProxy - Fabric mod for support forward player data from proxy

Coxinha Utilities - An addon for Kibe Utilities, adding even more random and always unoriginal things.

QuickCalc - Handy in-chat calculator mod.

Entropy: Chaos Mod - Entropy is a Chaos Mod where random events happens every 30 seconds. This mod allows twitch chat voting integration! 

Fake Fabric Loader - Quilt Loader mod to implement some internal Fabric Loader code

More Weaponry - More Weaponry Adds New Weapons, Advancements, Armor, And More!

Bad Wither No Cookie - Reloaded - Localizes the wither and dragon death sounds.

Armored Elytra - Shows the chestplate and elytra at the same when using the Armored Elytra datapack (by Vanilla Tweaks)

Falling Leaves (Forge) - Adds a neat little particle effect to leaf blocks 

Kambrik - A Kotlin Library Mod

Spyglass Zoom - Lets you zoom with the spyglass by using the scrollwheel.

Shield Extensions(Fabric) - A simple client mod that provides shield disabling sound, attack blocked sound & shield indicator

Inventory Backpack - Adds backpack that can be access from inventory.

Scannable - One scanner to find them, and with eye candy bind them.

Player Health Indicators - Displays a health bar above players

Hopo Better Mineshaft - More and better mineshafts to explore

Auto Torch - A fabric client mod to automatically place torches and light up blocks

Project Expansion - An unofficial expansion of ProjectE, providing an emc display, more ways to passively generate emc, and more.

Teeny Coal - Adds tiny coal and charcoal, as well as tiny redstone, soul, and regular torches. For Fabric 1.19, 1.18, 1.17, and 1.16.

Preventer - A mod that prevents you from doing dumb things by accident.

Chunk By Chunk - Creates a world with a single chunk, and allows additional chunks to be added over time

Defibrillator - A server utility mod for messing with NBT

Scrollable Tooltips - Adds the ability to scroll through tooltips that are larger than the screen

Editable Player NBT Hack - Removes the probably artificial limitation in the vanilla game of disallowing the editing of player NBT data.

Sneak Through Berries - Lets you sneak through Sweet Berry Bushes without taking damage

Sakura Blossoms - Changes the color of the particles from the Spore Blossom to be pink ✨

Mini Dynamic Lights - Yet another dynamic lights mods. This time, I tried to make it performance focused by reducing rendering factors.

ItemSorterMod - Allows players to sort their inventory quick and put items in containers

Nether Flowers - Nether flowers will decorate a boring nether well.

Bountiful - Adds bounty boards, giving rewards for collecting different blocks and items.

Head Name Fix - Mob heads will keep their custom names when placed

Better Safe Bed - This mod solved you won't able to sleep even you're safe sometimes because of a random mob stay in the cave that under your base, outside the wall, or on the roof

Difficulty Tweaker - A mod that lets you customize difficulty related stuff.

Shotify - A highly advanced screenshot mod.

Immersive Posts - Extendable treated-wood, aluminium, steel posts and more for ImmersiveEngineering.

Realistic Fishing - Fish are reeled in alive! Gut them yourself or scoop them up in a bucket

Syncmatica - Syncmatica is a mod which aims to mod into litematica so that schematics and their placements can be easily shared.

ServerStats - Visualize your Minecraft server statistics in realtime

lucid - Tick-warp nights at a configurable speed instead of skipping them.

InfoHUD - Useful info always on screen

Twilight Delight - More delicious food in the Twilight Forest!

Coordinates Display - A Fabric Mod to display your Coordinates on the In-game HUD

Extra Enchants - Adds many more enchantment with various uses

Simple Backups - A simple mod to create scheduled backups.

Mishang Urban Construction - An amount of blocks and items that make a beautiful city!

One Key Miner - This mod adds the ability to chain tools to break blocks while sneaking. As long as one block is destroyed, adjacent blocks are destroyed together.

Apollo's Additional Structures - Adds some new vanilla-esque ambient structures into your world!

Mesh - Modding Library

FoxGlow - Makes foxes and players glow when they eat glow berries!

Organized Tabs [Fabric] - Re-organizes the items in the Minecraft creative inventory.

MoreVanillaTools - Tools made of vanilla material

Forestry - Trees, bees and more.

Glow Banners - Lets you use glow ink sacs on banners to make them glow!

XYKey - A mod that lets you easily share coordinates

lucid-lite - Ticks block entities at an accellerated rate to make up for time lost sleeping.

Twitch Chat Bridge - Link a Twitch channel's chat to your Minecraft chatbox!

Immersive Cavegen - Improves aspects of minecraft worldgen, namely caves, caverns etc.

Slime - /slime command to find slime chunks without world seed

Arthean Evolution - A 1.18.2+ quilt modpack that breathes life into the world from the maker of Arthean Expansion.

More Frogs - Adds more frog variants to minecraft.

Ductwork - Simple duct-metaphor item distribution network mod

SpongeMixins 1.7.10 - A modrinth mirror of TimeConqueror's SpongeMixins for 1.7.10

Damage Incorporated - Makes the mobGriefing game rule modular by adding many game rules with equivalent functionality.

Lenient Death - Makes dying more forgiving by letting you keep certain items.

Spelunker - Adds the spelunker potion from Terraria.

Slumber - Let the server rest while there are no players online

M-Tape - Fabric mod with measuring tape to measure distances.

Aroma Dimensional Fix - Attempts to fix 1.7 Aroma Dimension

Useless Things - Mod that adds some pretty "useless" things.

TeamCommand - A command for players to create and manage teams. Similar to factions but based on Vanilla scoreboard teams.

Croptopia's Chocolaterie - A Croptopia Add-on Revolving Around Chocolate Making 

Armor Swap - Quickly switch armor in the inventory menu.

Numeral Ping - Display the ping for each player.

Astraeus' Mercy - A mod that wil save you when dying more then once from a death source

Pixel's Character Models - a Simple Player and Entity Model Editor for Scripted Models

Get Current Song - Simple Minecraft mod to allow you to view the currently playing song

Future MC - Adds things from 1.13, 1.14, 1.15, and 1.16.

Vanilla Hammers - This mod adds Hammers to Minecraft

Enchant Command Fix - Removes the item and level check from the /enchant command.

Game Menu Remove GFARB - Remove the "Give Feed Back" and "Report Bugs" buttons from the game menu.

Eldritch Mobs - Randomly imbues mobs in your world with powerful abilities that make them more challenging to fight.

CopperStuff - Adds copper tools and armor

DeadlyDaggers - Vanilla-style daggers for Fabric.

WorldEdit Items - Adds Items only for WorldEdit use, useful if you want to use Items that WorldEdit replaces

Musica - Expand the auditory experience in Minecraft.

Name Lookup - This mod allows you to look up a player's username history with the use of /namelookup.

Modern Elevators and Escalators - Fully functional, realistic, and advanced elevators and escalators in Minecraft!

Coordinate Calculator - This mod makes it easy to calculate your coordinates in other dimensions.

StairAutoJump - Turns on auto jump when in/on stairs so that you can move faster!

SCP: Sharp - SCP: Sharp is a mod for Minecraft about SCP Foundation

 DynamicLights Patch - A Dimensional Blacklist addon for Dynamic Lights

Merge Enchantments [Fabric/Quilt] - merge the enchants that could not be combined like Silk Touch with Fortune, Infinity with Mending, Frost Walker with Depth Strider

Kits - Permissions-based player kits for Fabric Servers.

WitherTurnsSkeletons - Skeletons that are affected by the Wither effect turn into Wither Skeletons 

Thermal Integration - Thermal integrates with others!

Fence Player Upper - Allows players to jump on fences and walls. Configurable through tags!

Fullbright 1.19 - A mod which allows to toggle fullbright in 1.19

Bare Ruins - Enables compatibility between Fastcraft and Ruins

Magical Mahou - A Minecraft mod that allows you to transform into a magical girl/person

Tree Felling - Trees fall like sand, making them easier to fell.

SmoothCoasters - Significantly enhances roller coasters

OpenComputers - Modular, persistent, programmable computers and robots.

ComBit - Configurable tweaks for combat-related mechanics

Frameless - Allows for item frames to be made invisible by hitting them with a glass pane.

Shifty Hotbar - A utility mod that adds the hotbar shifting ability inspired by Stardew Valley.

Gilded Netherite for Fabric - This mod adds Gilded Netherite, it increases the power of a regular Netherite armor and tools and protects you from Piglin aggravation.

Air Hop - A new enchantment for jumping while in midair. Not once, not twice, but three times!

No More Purple - A client-side mod allowing you to choose your enchantment glint color!

#SP Wallet - A mod for counting your diamond ores.

MoreVanillaArmor - Armor made of vanilla material

Dyeable Fishing Lines - A Mod That Lets You Dye Fishing Rod Lines

Visual Workbench - Items stay inside of crafting tables and are also rendered on top. It's really fancy!

Reaping - Harvest your animals in the most cursed way possible.

TexTweaks - Mod for texture-related things

Ariadne: All of Modrinth/Quilt - Cohesive kitchen-sink pack with a focus on community development

EasyWhitelist - Name-based whitelist for Fabric servers

NotifMod - Get notifications when certain things happen!

PokeBall - Capture your favorite mob with the pokeball !

Panorama Tweaker - A mod that allows for customization of the main menu panorama. 

OffersHUD - Display a list of villager's trading offers as a HUD.

FastMathFabric - This mod changes math to replicate OptiFine's Fast Math feature

Tiny Trash Can - Lava trash pit alternative.

Allium Peripherals - Yet another peripheral mod for ComputerCraft:Restitched

New Infinty Fix - Removes the need to have an arrow to use an infinity bow/crossbow

BlockBot - A Minecraft chat to Discord linking mod

WindowThonk - A small mod to fix some of the things that are confusing about Minecraft's window handling.

Enchanting Infuser - An all new enchanting table: Choose your enchantments for fair prices! Plus no more randomness!

Autokey - Simple, client side scripting for Minecraft.

Creative Library - Replaces the hotbar tab with a customizable library tab where you can store all of your custom items

FastGrowth - Shift to make crops/trees grow

Quadz - An FPV drone simulator for Fabric

Villager See, Villager Do - Control villagers' trades by throwing them items. 

Midas Hunger - A simple mod that adds new golden food items

Aileron - An expansive overhaul to Minecraft's Elytra.

Fabric Performance Pack - Boost your game and FPS as much as possible. Configurable, Experimental.

Chest Refill - A serverside mod that refills loot containers.

Map Atlases -  A vanilla-friendly mini-map/world-map mod using vanilla Maps! 

Inventory Pause (Forge) - Pause your single player game when you open your inventory.

Kontrolo - Press R to quickly access common commands.

Asbestos Removal - Adds asbestos, its side effects and ways to remove it

WAT - Where are they? - A mod to track and log the position of every player connected to a server.

Factory Blocks - Adds Factory Blocks to Chisel Refabricated

Gizmos - A mod that adds a bunch of wacky items and mechanics to Minecraft.

Somnia Awoken Fabric - A Minecraft mod that simulates the level while you sleep. Ported to Fabric

CarpetClient - A client mod to control carpet rules easily using custom hotkeys and the GUI

CardStock - data driven trading cards for quilt

Chicken Drop Feathers - Chicken will drop feathers from time to time. 

Inventory close with mouse key fix - Just a bugfix

Infused Amethyst - A mod that adds Infused Amethyst material!

Pitch Dark - Only allow hostile mobs to spawn in complete darkness

Modsmod - Dynamiclly generates a number of empty mods

Futurepack Mod - The Futurepack is a modification adding future-themed materials, resources and other stuff. Build Spaceships and research & explore Planets.

Compact Machines - Fabric - Minecraft Mod. Adds one simple game mechanic: Small rooms inside of blocks.

One Click Crafting - Faster crafting with the recipe book

Dispenser Cauldron - Let dispensers use both buckets and bottles on cauldrons!

Fastcraft+Ruins Patch - Enables the functioning of BareRuins

Keybinds Galore - Adds a popup menu when a conflicting keybind is pressed.

CreativeCore - A core mod

Real Stars - Star Blocks for WarpDrive

GT4 Uncomplications - Adds compatibility between Gregtech 4 and Uncomplications

Ore-Readout - A small fabric mod for printing to various places when an ore is broken

GameBlocks - Gameblocks tries to recreate well known board games into Minecraft

Epic Reload Mod - A Mod for fabric that adds an epic reload resources button

More Ore Stones [Fabric] - Ore variants for each type of vanilla stone

Trade Cycling - The trade cycling functionality of Easy Villagers

Light Emitting Diode - Redstone lamps, lamps and more lamps!

Hopo Better Underwater Ruins - Explore new ocean ruins to your world

Absolutely Not A Zoom Mod - Single-mixin zoom mod that is very uncomfortable to be used.

AdvancedChatMacros - Improve chat with keybinds, functions, and speed

BreakMe - Crashes minecraft/your PC when you die/take damage

Mob Rebirth - Allows mobs and animals to be reborn when they die. Very configurable.

Custom Item Range Combination - Allows for the changing of how far item entities combine in Minecraft.

NoCubes - A mod for 1.12.2+ that creates smooth terrain in Minecraft

World Blender - Fabric - A dimension with all the features, structures, surfaces, and natural spawns from vanilla and your mods shoved in!

 Advanced Tooltips - More and better tooltips on items! Fabric port of the Inspecio mod.

Hbm's Nuclear Tech Mod Reloaded - HBM's Nuke Mod now ported to 1.12.2

NotEnoughOrigins - Origins addon that adds more origins into the original mod and adds some custom items

Food Effects - Re-balancing the foods of Minecraft!

playerless - mobs drop exp & loot regardless of death cause

Essential - Essential is a free quality of life mod for Minecraft. 

Quilt Kotlin Libraries - Quilt's official Kotlin libraries

No Nametag Render - disables rendering of name tags

Chicken Nerf - Prevents random chicken egg laying. Instead, breeding chickens produces eggs.

FlashFreeze - Preserve unknown blocks, entities and items

Origins+ - Adds new origins to the Origins mod.

Gravity Guns - Adds gravity guns inspired by Half-Life 2.

Gunshell - With this plugin you can add guns, ammo, throwables and melee weapons to your server.

No Lag TickRateChanger - Just another TickRateChanger, but slowing down tickrate doesn't increase input lag

Size Shifting Potions - Adds potions to change your size!

Palette 256 - Simple Colored Blocks - A total of 256 simple colored blocks to go crazy with.

TerraMine - Adds most of if not everything from Terraria into Minecraft (WIP)

Enhanced Farming - Enhanced Farming is a revival of the old 1.6.2 mod "Better Farming" by iBlackShadow.

Smart Recipes - A Fabric mod that extends recipe format with conditions. 

Vanilla Excavators - This mod adds Excavators to Minecraft

Item Stitching Fix - Removes the annoying gap in Item Models!

Copper Overhaul - A Vanilla-Plus mod that adds new copper block variations, a wrench tool, an upgrade system for armors, a chest locking system, and elevator mechanics using magnetism.

Wooden Utilities - Wooden Utilities, an all-new Minecraft Mod that adds more Wood-Related items to your daily Minecraft Experience.

Essentials - Bugfixes and Un-Patches Mojang doesn't care about.

Timestamp Chat - Adds timestamps to chat.

No LAN Cheating - Prevents you from cheating with configurable ways of disabling the lan world cheat button.

FabricPvP - /pvp toggle

Playlist - Control Minecraft's in-game music - In-game music player

SlotLock - A simple client-side mod that let you lock your slots.

AfkDisplay - Show which players are afk in the player list.

Unsuspicious Stew (Reloaded) - Minecraft mod using the Fabric modloader which displays the effect of a suspicious stew item.

Ninjin Knockback - This mod add a proportional knockback when players or entities are attacking each over and also push back entities/players when stronger players are charging their ki.

First-person Model - Enables the third-person Model in first-person

Durability101 - A rewrite of the original Durability101 mod 

EndermanGrief - EndermanGrief is a server-side Fabric mod that allows you to tweak various (annoying) aspects of Endermen

Stylish Effects - Status effect display overhaul: Display them in any menu! And way more compact.

Deep Mob Learning: Refabricated - Alternative, server friendly mob loot acquisition

Guide-API VP - Flexible code based guide book

Independent Gizmo - Decouples the debug gizmo from the debug screen, and map its toggle to a different key. Also shows the attack indicator when the gizmo is active

SnowyGUI - Kotlin client-side (cursed) mod adding a gui with a few quality-of-life toggleable features

Song Sounds - Turns note blocks in to full-on song makers!

ConeyLite - Modpack for Coney Poney MC Server

Dramatic Doors - Adds 3-block tall doors! End Endermen Discrimination!

Mojank Logo - Changes Mojang logo to :mojank: emoji from Fabric Discord Server

Trash Cans - Trash Cans adds trash cans which can be used to void items, liquids, and energy!

Oceancraft Revived - Extends Minecraft's oceans with a much greater variety of animals, plants, building blocks and more.

Phantom Blood - JoJo Addon for Haema

Depth - 💦An unknown force pull down a part of the sea

Polysit - A server-side sit mod for Quilt & Fabric

Nucleus - A dynamic registration library built for Kotlin.

Head-down Display - Automatically hides the Head-up Display when not in use.

Acro's Classical Elements - An Electroblobs Wizardry inspired mod with 100+ spells

Dangerous Stone Cutter - Take damage with stone cutters

Woods and Mires - Biomes based on Nordic nature

ElytraProtection - Fabric mod that allows all protection enchantments to be put on elytra

SimplyStatus - Simple mod for game status Discord [Discord RPC] 

Disruption - A QuiltMC mod about cave-ins and falling blocks.

prone - Become prone by holding or pressing a key.

No AutoJump - Completely remove the autojump feature from Minecraft. 

Searchable Containers: Retraversal - Searchable Containers mod ported to 1.19 and Architectury.

Ender Christmas - Christmas ender chest texture.

SimpleTransport - SimpleTransport is a mod for your transportation-needs.

Realistic Horse Genetics - Horses in realistic colors with accurate genetics

More Tags - Adds a bunch of tags to Minecraft

SpeedrunPack [1.14.4-1.19] - All verifiable mods on speedrun.com for modern versions of Minecraft.

MobCountMod - Counts entities in a region around you

Somnia Awoken - Simulating the world while you sleep

Passable Leaves - Leaves have no collision box now

FilledTotheBrim - Shulker Boxes Can Now Fit Empty Shulker Boxes!

Stefan's Armors'N'Items - All the custom armors's and items from "BetterVanillaBuilding" as their own package.

Galacticraft-Legacy - The classic Minecraft space mod

Wires - A server utility mod

Auto Crouch - Automatically crouches when opening a GUI

Nauticality - Explore the oceans with submarines, fight against pirates and watch the beautiful glow fish!

Block Physics - A block physics system not unlike Enviromine's or the functionality of scaffolding blocks.

Copper Equipment - Enjoy your copper armor and tools!

Moonlight Lib - dynamic data pack and registration, villager activities, custom map marker and a lot more

Solid Mobs - Gives mobs collisions & interactions like blocks.

Compact Storage - Adding upgradable Chests, Backpacks and Barrels!

SquakeFabric - Adds Quake/HL movement mechanics to Minecraft 

Packed Inventory - Inventory management has never been so easy.

Enchant Menu - Simple menu for modifying item enchantments

Sharpness Particles - A sharpness particles mod & particle multiplier mod for Fabric.

Cauldron Fix - Allows dispensers to properly interact with cauldrons

Fish Help - Help for treasure fishing.

Origins - Croptopia Addon - Adds support for Croptopia to Origins.

Roundaround's Enchantment Compatibility - Make many mutually-exclusive enchantments compatible.

Multiple Server Lists - Adds more server lists

Valhelsia Core - API for the Valhelsia mods and friends.

Mob Capturing Tool - A Minecraft mod adding a mob capturing tool.

Infinity Mending - Forge mod that lets you combine Infinity and Mending.

Supernatural Crops - A Mystical Agriculture esque mod for fabric 

Funnel - A funnel that drop items below it

Compact UI - Makes some parts of the Minecraft menu UI more compact

Torchkey - Adds a hotkey to place a torch from your hotbar.

Pettable Bees - A Minecraft mod that lets you pet bees

Playtimer - Play time in bottom-right corner, inspired by Grian/Scar/Joel's Hardcore Series

TexTrue's Rubidium Options - Reese's Sodium Options Unofficial Forge port

Roughly Enough Items Server Component (REI-SC) - A mod to implement the REI server networking protocol to handle server-specific features.

Tinkers Reforged - Adding Tinkers Construct support to other mods.

resetchunks - resetchunks is a tiny fabric mod that re-adds the /resetchunks command, allowing you to regenerate one or more chunks. 

Blinking Skin Port - Allows you to toggle 2nd skin layers automatically with configurable delay.

Apollo - A modern space mod in development for Minecraft

Origins - AdditionalAdditions Addon - Adds support for AdditionalAdditions to Origins.

Anvil Crushing Recipes - Datapacks can define what happens when an anvil lands on a particular block.

Assemble - A dynamic recipe library to replace vanilla's.

GlobalSpawn - GlobalSpawn allows you to change spawn dimension and position via command or config file.

Colored Tooltips - This mod allows you to customize tooltip colors to your liking.

Grindstone Is Made Of Stone - Doesn't that make sense?

Data Loader - Global data packs that apply to all worlds.

Hide Nametags - Hide all player and entity nametags with a single button!

Advanced Creative Tab - Add modifier in the creative mode, teleporter in spectator mode and information in survival

CameraOverhaul - A mod that makes gameplay & movement more satisfying through the use of various camera tilting. 

flying_castles - ads randomly generated flying castles you can choose to have them empty, with villagers, pillager spawners or with modded knights.

Coyote Time - Lets you jump for a short while after running off a block

Banilla Claws - A mod that adds vanilla-styled claws.

Simply Tools - The successor of Vanilla Hammers and Vanilla Excavators to combine better pickaxes and better shovels into one mod.

Adaptive Brightness - A simple mod that changes your brightness according to the light level

No More Glowing Potions - Removes the glint effect from potions

Automobility - Vehicle mod adding customizable and functional cars

StackUp! - Increase the maximum stack size from 64.

MicroCutting - Craft microblocks using new stonecutter recipes

Pixlplus Bag - A Pixelmon addon that adds a bag and multiple QoL features

Forgiving Void - Makes the void hate you a little less (and vice-versa). Fall down and come back out on top.

More Totems of Undying - A mod that adds seven mob-inspired totems to Minecraft.

World of Food - Adds a world of food to Minecraft.

Netherite Cake - Brings Netherite Cake to your Reality

Better Name Visibility - Increases the visibility of names behind blocks

Pet Transfer - A simple mod for Fabric that lets you create contracts that can transfer ownership of pets and other tameable creatures.

ARRP - Runtime Asset/Data Generation API

FoodMod - Adds more food to Minecraft!

TrashSlot - Adds a trash slot to the inventory screen that allows deletion of unwanted items.

Telepistons - Telescopic and Squishy animations for pistons

CommandSpy - A server-side command logging mod.

Fabric Recipe Conditions (FRC) - A library that adds recipe conditions

Elytra Capes - Changes default cape style to elytra.

Elemental Craft - ElementalCraft is a magic mod based around the 4 elements: fire, water, earth and air.

Let Me Despawn - Improves performance by tweaking mob despawn rules.

Unofficial Quilt Modpack - The Modpack for the Unofficial Quilt Minecraft Server

Fedora - A hat mod for fabric

Immortal Coral - Gamerule to make coral never die, not even outside of water

Transparent Cosmetics - This mod that lets you enjoy your skin again!

Skygrid - A Minecraft mod realizing the "Skygrid" map by Sethbling as an entire world generator

Disable Insecure Chat Toast - This mod deletes warning toast about connecting to a server without enforce secure chat.

Desert Sandstorms - Makes deserts less boring during rain and thunderstorms

Croptosis - Speed up crop production.

FreedomChat - Liberate your server from the chat-reporting bourgeoisie! The best paper chat report disabler this side of the Mississippi

DeepslateGenerator - Generate deepslate when a cobblestone generator is made under y = 0

Valhelsia Structures - Adds new structures and dungeons to your world while being properly integrated.

Simple Crates - A mod that adds a simple bulk storage block to minecraft!

Plated - Allows placement of pressure plates on any solid face of a block.

Enhanced Mob Spawners - Goal of this mod is to add more functionality to the original minecraft spawner.

Vanessence - A minecraft mod with some enhancement of vanilla experience.

Client Tweaks - There, I fixed Minecraft for you. Various optional tweaks to improve Minecraft Quality of Life. 

Wynncraft 101 - A simple modpack for Wynncraft.

AIOTs Expanded [Fabric] - An add-on mod for Basic AIOTs that aims to greatly expand compatibilty with other mods

Poko - Minecraft Mod Pack aims to balance performance and ability with vanilla compatibility! 

TFC+ Aesthetics - World generated decoration blocks for TFC+ to make the world prettier

Double-Tap Dash - Spice up your combat with a new dash mechanic!

Armor Points ++ / Health Stacking - Allows you to see armor values above 20 and stack multiple health bars onto one.

Millenaire JEI - JEI plugin for the Millenaire mod

DirTNT - Adds Dirt TNT for all your hole filling needs!

 Ding On Projectile Hit [Doph] - Plays a ding when mobs are shot with arrows

Smithee's Foundry - Modular Tools for Fabric - Modular tools for Fabric

Discontinuous Beacon Beams - Stops a beacon beam from rendering though clear glass in its path.

Plymouth: Anti-Xray - A cache-based antixray engine for Fabric.

Crooked Crooks - Adds crooks for vanilla and modded materials. They multiply drops from leaves and grasses and they pull mobs! 

TFC+ Tweaker - This mod adds MineTweaker3 Support to various TFC+ recipes to allow customization for players and modpackers.

Common Capabilities - Forge Capabilities that can be shared by multiple mods

Font Fixer - Fixes the Font Renderer in legacy Minecraft

NBT Editor - Edit and store items in-game.

Datapack Portals - Create custom portals using CustomPortalApi with datapacks

UnifiedMetrics - Fully-featured metrics collection agent for Minecraft servers. Supports Prometheus and InfluxDB.

[ARCHIVED] SmoothBedrock By Blayyke - This is an updated fork of SmoothBedrockFabric by Blayyke

Workings - Construction themed decoration mod

Retail - Adds a Vending Block

Flower Map - Shows the flower gradient, minimap-style

Immersive Engineering Blueprint Tweaker - Backports CraftTweaker support for IE Blueprints and also allows for tweaking of the Engineer's Manual

Telomerase Addon - An addon for Terrafirmacraft+ designed for mod compatibility and experimental additions specifically for the Telomerase modpack

FabricHealthDisplay - A simple mod to display a mobs health above their head

Human Reborn - This mod adds a modern version of the Human mob from Minecraft Beta 1.7.3!

Hardcore Torches - Makes torches burn out after a configurable amount of time, as well as optionally starting unlit and extinguishing when broken or in the rain

Villager Names - A mod that adds names to villagers and golems

HyCord - Discord integration mod for Hypixel

Restock - Refills active stacks from other stacks in your inventory

Sharpness VI - Extended enchantment levels for OP weapons

Drop Spread - Control the spread of items dropped on death with a gamerule

Netherite Beacons - Makes netherite beacons useful

Player Name History Viewer - Allows you to view people's name history without switching out of your game.

rinthed - a labyrinth of mods | cool mods from modrinth

EnderIO Fluxified - Fluxified EnderIO

Explorer's Delight - A set of delightfully nifty tools for exploration

Bruhpak 2 - Bruh's Modpacks are now on modrinth | 1.19 Update!

Hypoalgesia - Removes screen shaking on damage

Where's My Chat History? (Chat Tweaks) - A Minecraft-Fabric client-side mod that touches up a few aspects of Minecraft's mundane chat.

Mooblooms - A mod adding colorful and flowery cows. Moo!

Know My Name! - Fixes nameable containers not telling clients their name when joining

Extra Disks - Extra Disks adds bigger disks to Refined Storage 1.14+

Ban Trigger - Allows you to track block-break and container-open events into CSVs. Stop the griefers!

Ghost Runner - Ghost Feature for Minecraft Speedrunner! (with Ingame Timer)

Diamond Chest Shops - Chest shops for the Diamond Economy mod

Fabric Random Entities - Fabric mod to replicate the Optifine random entities feature set

Movement Vision - What if you could only see movement?

Ninjin Entities - This is a simple but very complete mod that add hundreds of new NPCs in the DBC mod made by Jinryuu

Scripted Models - Scripted Models is an advanced model editing library

Snowballs Hit Players - Snowballs now knock back players

SimpleLife - Simple additions to make life a little easier.

Integrated Dynamics - A mod to take full and automated control of your appliances

Extra Enchantments and Curses - A simple mod that adds new enchantments and curses to the game!

Cardinal Ice Boats - Provides Several QOL Utilities for Ice Boating

Baguette - It adds baguettes to the game

Chest Search - Search for items within chests.

Mouserate Framerate - Limits game framerate if configurable activities have ceased for a configurable amount of time.

BoatJump - A small mod that allows you to go up uneven terrain in a boat

Replant Swamp Trees - Can replant swamp trees using oak saplings in swamp biomes.

Schmucks! - Adds little people that can do the heavy lifting for you!

Bucket Warning - Warns bucket usage on full inventory

Ghastly Wail - When a ghast dies in a portal, the frame becomes crying obsidian and shatters.

Dye All The Things - Lets you dye all armor exactly like leather armor.

Redstone Tweaks - Customize your redstone experience!

Coordinate Book - Easily store coordinates from within your Minecraft worlds.

CursedOrigins - Origins Addon with not so serious additions

AutoWhitelist - A way to automate the whitelist of a minecraft server based on discord roles

Recipe Reshaper - Dynamically replaces whole categories of recipes with (subjectively) improved ones. Data driven.

Silent Background - Disable certain sounds when the game is in the background

Candle Backport - Backports candles to 1.16 for Fabric.

Easy Shulker Boxes - Manage shulker boxes directly from your inventory. Easy peasy lemon squeezy!

Selene - Bringing light to a lonely world

Ultra Amplified Dimension - Forge - Adds a dimension with insane world gen to provide a more challenging and epic world!

HidePlayers - Hide every players (except you)

Clear Water - Have Clarity! No more fog underwater!

Survival Additions - Adds new tools, food, and building blocks that are designed to feel not too far off from vanilla.

Diagonal Fences - Fences connecting diagonally? Wait. That's illegal.

Enigmatic Legacy - Magic mod that contributes to vanilla progression

Maintenance Mode - Put your server in Maintenance Mode

Island Utils - A Utility Mod for MCC Island

Quicksort -  Low-effort item sorting to keep your workshop organized.  Works with Vanilla clients!

Durability Tooltip - Durability Tooltip shows you the durability of an item!

Fractal Industry - Try to add machines into Overworld

Arachnophobia Mode For Minecraft - A joke mod that adds the Arachnophobia Mode from the "Satisfactory" game to minecraft 

Sky: Origins - This mod adds the opportunity to be a Child of The Light from Sky: COTL

Allis Ultimate Tools - A simple lightweight mod that adds one tool to replace them all.

LifeSteal - A fabric mod that implements a customisable version of the LifeSteal SMP

TreeFeller - A semi-customisable tree felling mod

Little Logistics - Rail and Water Transportation Mod

Minef*ck - Run Brainf*ck code in Minecraft

Servers Plus - Adds another servers page for content creators and people who want to have their servers organised.

MoreCreativeTabs [Forge/Fabric/Quilt] - Manage creative tabs the way you want

OriginsTweaks - This Mod overhauls the Standard Origins from the Origins Mod.

Cold Sweat - Adds a dynamic, extensible temperature system to Minecraft

PlayerHighlighter - Entity tracer / ESP for tracking players and entities in general.

RefinedCreativeInventory - Overhauls the creative inventory with better searching, fresh GUI, and powerful saved hotbars.

Dispenser Configurator - Configure the vanilla Dispenser to work with any item's use (right-click) functionality. 

Easy Magic - Enchanting tables as they always should have been! Items stay after closing, and easy re-rolls.

No Teleport Cooldown - This mod removes the cooldown for things that teleport you!

Images - Lets you print images on blocks

FREX - FREX Rendering Extensions Library

Wireless Chargers - Wireless Chargers adds chargers which can charge nearby blocks and players!

amogus - amogus

Rechiseled - Rechiseled allows you to chisel blocks into various decorative blocks with connected textures!

Integrated Tunnels - Transfer other stuff over Integrated Dynamics networks

Simply No Report - This mod gives the option to server admins to disable chat reporting, in a non-intrusive way. 

Ultra Amplified Dimension - Fabric - Adds a dimension with insane world gen to provide a more challenging and epic world!

Lakotnik - Hunger Preview - A serverside hunger preview mod

The Rainbow World 2 - This mod adds all sorts of rainbow-related stuff to your game!

Archeology Mod - Archeology System from Minecraft Live 2020

Modern Splash - New Mojang logo and loading screen in 1.12

Ripplers - Adds a better designed way to respawn in the end and the other dimensions (Aiming to replace those respawn anchor mods) and adds a new mob and block

Mipmaplevel and Language Fix - Makes changing Mipmaplevels and Language faster, by instead of doing a full reload, only reloading the respective part of the game. 

Tool's Complement - Adds sets of armor and tools based on modded metals.

TorchMaster - Control Mob Spawning with simple to use Blocks like the Mega Torch or the Dread Lamp

WorldGen - WorldGen is a mod for pre-generating Minecraft worlds, with a main focus on SPEED.

Girlbossed -  A serverside mod for customizing death messsages!

Colored Fishing Line - Fishing line in various colors.

Endium - This is a simple mod that adds an alternative to Netherite with its own unique properties.

Painter's Blocks - Adds a bunch of freely dyeable blocks.

Minitweaks - Carpet extension with small game mechanic changes, mainly for survival

Simple Discord Link - A simple Minecraft -> Discord Chat Link bot with Whitelisting

 NotEnoughItems Unofficial - A continuation of NotEnoughItems for 1.7.10 by the developers of Gregtech: New Horizons modpack, with features either inspired and/or backported from JustEnoughItems

Smashing! - A Minecraft mod inspired by Terraria's pots!

TalkBubbles - adds bubbles above your head when you chat

Extra Records - Adds extra music discs to your world

Hbm's Nuclear Tech Mod - Nukes, reactors, missiles, tech and more!

Tinkered Hegemony - Replace vanilla tools with Tinkers' Construct ones in your modpack.

NoRefreshScroll - Stops the server list scrolling when clicking the "Refresh" button in the Multiplayer menu.

 Integrated Crafting - Craft stuff in Integrated Dynamics networks

Cooking for Blockheads - Adds a cooking book and multiblock kitchens that only shows recipes you can make with what you currently have in your inventory.

Glowsquids Begone! - Backports 1.18.2 glowsquid spawning changes to 1.18.1.

PixelSeasons - An addon for the Pixelmon mod that adds compatibility with SereneSeasons.

Unsaddle - Unsaddle entities by shift-right-clicking, so you don't have to kill them!

Better #SP Pack - Мод пак для игры на серверах проекта #СП

Retraining - Allows you to recycle villager trades

Badlion Client Disabler - A server-side fabric mod to allow server owners to disable features and mods in the Badlion client.

Flopper - A hopper for transferring fluids

FabricExporter - Fabric mod that adds a Prometheus exporter with general metrics of your server

Linkart - Linkart allows you to link your carts together via chains

Retro Items - Fast items return!

EnchantedShulkers - Adds the "Siphon" and "Refill" enchantments to Shulker Boxes

Copyshot - Copies screenshots to your clipboard when you take them.

lootbeams - Adds some small lootbeams based on item tooltips

EnhancedMC Vanilla - A lightweight modpack that optimizes and improves Minecraft with several features and enhancements.

Blacksmiths - A Taterzen addon that brings tool-repairing-guys to Minecraft.

CC: Restitched with Polymer -  ComputerCraft for vanilla compatible servers.  Polymer Port of CC: Restitched

Slider ClickSoundFix - Fixes the UI-Sound playing twice when buttons are pressed, and a slider is behind those (example: entering the sound settings)

A Sprinkle of Enhancements - This modpack is just your normal optimization-based modpack with a few visual adjustments.

Vanilla Notebook  - A small vanilla-styled mod that adds a notebook into your GUI.

Carpet Discarpet - Fabric carpet extension that adds discord functionality to scarpet 

Barren Isles - The desert lays barren, it misses the tides, the predators and the surroundings. This mod aims to improve that.

scale fix - The solution to Minecraft's GUI scale problems.

FabricWarps - FabricWarps is a small, server-side Fabric mod that adds /warp command and its counterparts

EvilCraft - An evil mod for Minecraft

Bushy Biomes - Adds bushy leaves and biome variation to your game

Map Saver - A client only mod that allows you to save maps from item frames as images

Bssentials (Fabric) - Essentials for Fabric

Blåhaj - Soft toy, shark mod, 16px.

Slimeology - The Discovery of Slime

CubicChunks - This mod allows for (almost) unlimited world height and depth, by dynamically loading vertical sections of the world, just like Minecraft does in horizontal direction.

DataPack Anvil - DataPack Anvil is a library mod used to facilitate creation of datapack driven mods.

PonySocks - Socks for your miniature equines

Happiness (is a) Warm Gun - Simple but nice gun mod

The Legend of Herobrine - Adds Herobrine to Minecraft with an emphasis on adventure and exploration

 Tropicraft [Unoffical] - A updated version of tropicraft for forge and fabric 

Rotten Flesh To Leather - Allows you to smelt Rotten Flesh into Leather.

Colossal Chests - For when regular chests are too small

Kahur - A gun that shoots junk

Better Barriers - Renders Barrier blocks in an improved way.

Copper Golem Mod - Adds the copper golem from the 2021 Minecon Mob Vote 

Leukocyte - Server-side, region-based protection controllable by API or commands

Transform Handlers - Allows first person arm & item repositioning

Toggle Toggle - A simple Minecraft mod adding two keybindings for switching sneaking or sprinting methods between hold and toggle.

Endless Cake - Simple Minecraft mod for Fabric that adds an infinite cake using the Dragon Egg as a crafting ingredient 

BackpackMod - Backpack items for Minecraft 1.16+

Amazing Chest - Chest that filters matching items

PopEnchantTagsResuscitated - Shows the enchants of a selected item above its name

Screencapper - A highly advanced screenshot improvement mod.

Roughly Clientsided - Adding better sounds, auto sort, performance mods, a minimap, some network optimization and more.

Extra Professions - Add extra villager professions, including workstations and village buildings.

Fishy Bears - Makes Polar Bear Fish Randomly on ice (Giving them a use and making them more ambient)

Connected Glass - Connected Glass adds new types of glass with connecting textures!

Quickcraft - Craft recipes even faster!

DieYourWay - A data driven death message mod.

ParticleX - A simple critical & enchantment particle multiplier for the Fabric Mod Loader, similarly to the Particle Multiplier option from Lunar Client.

Color Me Outlines - Configurable block highlight

Lightning Podoboo - Makes fire created by natural lightning cosmetic, meaning no blocks are destroyed during thunderstorms.

Sprint O' Meter - A extensively customizable stamina system.

BetterMod - Improving Vanilla Experience and Performance

Sound-Track - Adds Minecart Noteblocks and Jukeboxes

Charter - Contracts, covenants, and regrets.

Sound Muffler - A port of Extra Utilities 2's Sound Muffler to Fabric

Augmented Autojump - Does vanilla autojump make you want to punch a wall?

Loot Bag Mod - Adds a bag that when used gives you 10 random items and blocks from the game

Offline Player Cache - Allows mods to cache serverside player data when offline.

Untitled Duck Mod - Ducks and Geese for Forge and Fabric!

Click Opener Mod - Fabric Mod that opens inventory screens when their items are clicked

ProtoSky - Removes (almost) all blocks from the world after they generated

Boring Backgrounds - A mod that makes the dirt background customizable. Supports resource packs!

Simple Chunkloader [FABRIC] - This mod adds a simple chunkloader for fabric.

Nox - A mob and difficulty overhaul for Fabric.

OF Capes - Adds Optifine capes for Fabric

BetterRecipes - Adds a bunch of recipes to minecraft

Conditional Keep Inventory - A mod to twist the drop on Player death.

Pronounify - PronounDB in Minecraft

Scooters - Miners need mobility too

White Rabbit - Food and drink that changes the size of the user

Snowball and Egg Knockback - Mod for Fabric that adds snowball and egg knockback to players.

Crusade - Crusade is a Minecraft mod that adds many new medieval themed weapons and gear. It adds a 𝐟𝐮𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐟𝐮𝐧𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥 𝐭𝐫𝐞𝐛𝐮𝐜𝐡𝐞𝐭 that can throw any Minecraft block, even modded blocks, and new lance weapons that work on all ridable entities.

Mob Blindness - Tweak that allows all mobs to be affected by blindness debuffs.

Bounding Box Outline Reloaded - Highlight structures and features to help build farms and spawn proof

Cake Mod - Adds more Cakes to Minecraft

Tinkerer's Quilt - Vanilla gameplay made Accessible, Discoverable, and Expressive - Quests for Vanilla, QOL, and balance - No new blocks, items, or worldgen

Diamold - Adds weapons, tools and armor with gold's efficiency, diamond's durability and pretty nice look.

ObsidianSlab - Just the Obsidian Slab from Consistency+

Scroll for WorldEdit - Use the mouse wheel to move your selections and builds!

PacketIgnore - CHAOS!

MEGA Cells - ME Greater Accumulation Cells - For when kilobytes just won't do

Set Bonuses - Fully configurable enchantments and set bonuses

Frostbyte's Slabs & Stairs - Adds slabs, stairs, walls, fences, and more non-full block variants of many vanilla blocks.

Dazzle 2 - Your redstone lamps. Hand em over

Clear Hitboxes - Clear hitboxes is a fabric mod that allows Hitbox color customization

Froggy Flies - Adds basic firefly particles around frogs!

Daylight Mobs Reborn - Stops mobs from burning in the daylight (This can be disabled in the config) and allows hostile mobs to spawn during the day (This is disabled by default and can be enabled in the config).

Better Bundles - bundles with more inventory and colors

Farmable Shulkers - Backports shulker behavior from 1.17 to older versions. 

Simple Splash Screen - Customize the Minecraft Loading Screen to your liking

Bucket List - Track the number of blocks you have looked at, for speedruns and stuff.

GT4 Reimagined - Gregtech 4 Reimagined for 1.16, without ic2.

Simple Shulker Preview - A simple fabric mod that displays the icon of the first item in a shulker

More Mob Drops (Fabric) - Have you ever felt cheated to find out that goats don't drop anything? Well, not anymore!

Wild Tool Access - Adds an item quick select, inspired by the one in "Breath of the Wild".

thecolonel63's Server Side Replay Recorder - Records all players at once in the format used by ReplayMod.

ReBlured - Adds a blur effect to all GUI backgrounds 

TFC+ Bids - Adds new crucibles, oh and bits

Illager Expansion (Polymer Port) - Illager Expansion ported to Server Side™

Mechanical Factory - A serverside mod with factory-like features

EasyAutoCrafting - Vanilla client compatible automatic crafting.

🪄 Cauldron Concrete - Allows you to wet concrete powder in a cauldron!

MoreCommands - Adds 79 commands, many tweaks, Discord Rich Presence support, the ability to sit on stairs, really cool RAINBOWS and more!

Enchantment Machine - Manage enchantments with ease

Ultimate Car Mod - This mod brings cars, road construction and biodiesel production into your Minecraft world.

Tesseract - Tesseract allows you to transport Items, Fluid and Energy

Ruined Equipment - Grieving equipment owner? Tools and Armors break into Ruined forms for repair or memorial purposes. 

Bouncy Life - Play and bounce around together with your favourite slimes.

GamemodeOverhaul - Restores removed command arguments, and adds a few shorthand commands.

Creepers Burn - Creepers burn in daylight too!

Not Enough Pets - Adds a variety of cats, dogs, and parrots. Parrots are backported to versions older than 1.12.2

TitleChanger - A title changer changes window title of Minecraft.

NameFabric - Shows you public player data like past usernames, current skin, and more using the Mojang's API.

Unlimited Dragon Eggs - Every time you kill a dragon, you get a dragon egg.

Dispenser Portal Fix - Fixes a bug where attempting to light a nether portal using a dispenser facing down crashes the game.

Kyanite - A mod for Fabric that introduces a brand new set of gear that can be augmented through the smiting table

AgriCraft - Agricultural farming extended

Skychunk - Removes 95% of chunks from the world

NoHurtCam - Removes the damage screenshake

Kanzashi - Allows putting flowers in ones hair

Elemental Creepers: Refabricated - The famous 1.2.5 mod, now on modern Minecraft.

Ars Theurgia -  A Fabric mod that adds all kinds of ancient magic, with many paths you can take and choose along the way.

Datapack Easy - Copy datapacks from a global folder

Better Compressed Blocks - Adding Compressed Blocks for Cobblestone, Dirt, Sand, Gravel, Netherrack and more

Anvil Display - Adds useful information about anvil mechanics to the tooltips of some items.

Common-Sense - "Simple" modpack frequently updated aiming comfortable gameplay with gorgeous performances

Origins Power Expansion - An expansion library for the power and action system within Origins

Chest Cavity - Perfectly safe* internal storage

Hexxit Gear - Adds multiple unique armor sets that give set bonuses

Minecord (for Discord) - Bring your Minecraft world into your Discord guild

Boohoo - A spooky mod for SpookyJam 2021

Unusual End - An Improved Vanilla+ End !

Modifiers - Random modifiers for equipment, that give minor buffs/debuffs

Fading - Makes some light sources slowly burnout

YNot - Cross-mod compatibility for XNet? YNot!

Iron Bundles - Higher-capacity bundles for Fabric and Minecraft 1.17.

Packed - Various visual, auditory, and improvement mods packed into the client.

VanillaDeathChest - Places containers when players die that contain their items.

Perpetual Durability - Adds the Perpetual enchant that will make any tool indestructible.

Deep Pockets - Mining backpack with limited slots and unlimited capacity

Portable Crafting Standalone - Access the crafting table in your inventory, with a hotkey or tab.

Chunk Loaders - Chunk Loaders allows you keep chunks loaded with different tiers of chunk loaders!

Fabric Anvils - This mod add new anvils in Minecraft

Origins - DragonLoot Addon - Adds support for DragonLoot to Origins.

Creeper AI Updated - Gives creepers the abitlity of see trough walls, spawn powered and explode if they cant reach you, destroying obstacles and walls.

Reselect - fabric mod to add a more advanced predicate system for minecraft resources

Miner's Horizon - When you look out into the sky after a day of mining... the horizon looks back. A modern mining dimension mod for Fabric!

JustEnoughGems - Huge 1.18 content mod with over 16 types of armor, tools, ingots and more!

MojangFix - Minecraft b1.7.3 mod that fixes skins, authentication and more

FrozenLib - A library for FrozenBlock's mods.

LevelHearts - Completely overhaul the Minecraft health system and make it your own!

Potion Rings - REFORGED [FABRIC] - A Fabric port in 1.18.2, 1.19 of the Potion Fingers mod by Vazkii. Add potion effects by equipping potion rings.

Soul Lights - Adds soul fire based lights

Golden Berries - Adds golden berries to the game.

Better Eating Mod - A simple mod which fixes a problem with eating in Minecraft

FuelInfo - Extended info for your vanilla fuel needs!

Campfire Torches Plus - You can now make torches by right-clicking campfires with sticks. Works with both campfire types. 

Splashes+ - A mod to expand splash capabilities.

Create: Computing - [FORGE] An addon for Create that adds ComputerCraft "integration" in form of peripheral blocks and more.

BetterVanillaBuilding Overlays - Addon pack for BetterVanillaBuilding that adds back overlays for grass/dirt/sand etc.

Towelette - Waterlogging with any fluid

BigInv - Increases the size of the player's inventory

NightVision - Turn on night vision with a hotkey

Carved Melons - if carved pumpkins are so good how come there's no carved melons

Flashlight - Simple Flashlight

No Cap - Removes the 255 enchantment level limit added in 1.17

No Indium? - Warns users using Sodium without Indium as to reduce rendering issues caused.

Mermod [FABRIC] - Mermod adds a necklace that gives players mermaid tails upon contact with water.

Tinkerer's Smithing - A sentimental and convenient rebalance of gear crafting, repair, enchanting, and smithing.

Spatial Harvesters [Fabric] -  Adds harvesters that gather resources from space-time itself! 

SimpleTech for Fabric - Stacks of dirt? Introducing: the Sieve!

FurnaceMk2 - This is a vanilla-style upgrade to the furnace - Furnace Mk2

CableMod - A mod that adds cables for cost-effective redstone signal transportation over long distances.

Emissive Skin Renderer - Glow your skin and skull!

Offline Daytime - Sets time to day if no players are online for more than 10 minutes

FancySporeBlossom - A Mod which adds a Fancy Spore Blossom to the game

Small Artifacts - Adds small artifact for player use.

Boats and Beeps - Upgradeable, larger boats!

Amethyst Core - Library mod that powers the Amethyst Imbuement family of mods; can be used to create your very own Magic-themed Mod!

Show Durability - Show the durability of items in inventories and in the hotbar directly on the items with a number.

Allomancy -  Brandon Sanderson's Allomancy, now in Minecraft 

Enhanced Equipment - Adds new gear to Minecraft, all gear can be crafted with items from vanilla Minecraft

Compost - Composters compost organic materials into dirt!

Power Scale - Increase the power of enemies and rewards

Mattocks Remastered: Paxels but Fabric - Paxels but with a Fabric twist

World Blender - Forge - A dimension with all the features, structures, surfaces, and natural spawns from vanilla and your mods shoved in!

Permanent Light Generator - Solar generators packed up are not enough.

Incantation - Incantation invites you to explore ancient spells and talents in this new Fabric mod for 1.18+!

More Statistics - A simple mod to more statistics to Minecraft

Wrench - A simple tool to rotate blocks.

Bedrock Breaking - A Fabric mod for Minecraft that allows you to break bedrock, and optionally adds a bedrock pickaxe. Very configurable!

Grave Keeper - A grave modification for Minecraft with a special attention to integration and balance with other mods.

Simply Camping - A mod that adds camping features to Minecraft!

SimpleHomes - A simple /home mod for fabric

Pocket Tools - Tools you can fit in your pocket

🗿QuiltGoSlightlyFasterLol🗿 - 🔥Quilt-Loader optimization mod (it makes quilt-loader faster).🔥

Shiny Horses - Adds the ability to enchant horse armor!

Bobber Begone - A simple fabric client mod that removes the bobber render when hooked

FriendlyFarmer - Prevents players from breaking immature crops

Remember My Txt -  Remember My Txt makes sure unrecognized values in the options.txt file get saved when changing other options, preventing things like losing keybinds when you are waiting for a mod to port to a newer version of Minecraft.

Universal Bone Meal - Stop the bonemeal discrimination! Grow all plants, no limitations.

AutoJump KeyBind - Set up hotkey for autojump.

Celestria - Adds celestrial events, such as shooting stars and occasional insomnia from full moon.

GraveStone Mod - Places a gravestone with your inventory items inside when you die

Inventory Interactions - Repair and craft tools by right clicking!

SlashDiscord - Configurable link commands

RemoveBlockOutline - This mod removes the outlines that get drawn when the player mouse over a block

BoilingWater - Makes water boil when near heat sources

Fluidlogged - Allows waterlogging with any fluids such as lava

Spellbound Enchantments - Empower and expand your arsenal with 32 new enchantments.

SimpleJsonVillagerTrades - About as simple as it sounds, a small jij-able library to modify/add/remove Villager trades via datapacks.

Unbreakable Enchantment - So your tools never break

Oops! All Armor - Adds 10+ new sets of armor

All The Unobtainables - Adds unobtainable items to the creative inventory including player heads, recently used structure blocks, and end portals.

Better Op - Adds arguments to /op and allows for editing op levels/settings with /editop

Glassential (Fabric) - Various types of glass to aid in your building

Art of Alchemy - Alchemical Machinery for Fabric

Create Support for Open Parties and Claims - Adds Fabric Create mod support to Open Parties and Claims

ExtendedHotbarRebared - Displays the bottom row of your inventory above your hotbar and allows swapping items between them

Primal Magick - Harness the magick of the primal sources of the land.

NoMoreScore - Removes the useless score from the death screen

Access REI Recipes From A Block (ARRFAB) - A mod that allows to view REI recipes from a block through keybinds!

Multi Item Lib - A placeholder mod for the Fabric-Api until better unhardcoding exists.

Epic Horse Breed - Improves horse breeding mechanics.

Better Climbing - Improves some things related to climbing

Crimson Moon Revived - Every so often... a Crimson Moon appears, accompanied by the howls of mobs across the lands.

Flowery Structures: Promenade - Addon for Promenade mod

Indicatia - Indicatia is a small quality of life mod, which improves a little quality of life into Minecraft.

Peculia - A fabric mod that aims to add onto Minecraft's fun gameplay without making it boring.

More XFood - My first mod ever made. Adds a bit food related things.

Just Enough Immersive Multiblocks - Immersive Engineering addon that adds JEI support for multiblocks.

Electrical Age 2 - Electricity - In your base!

Colour My Servers - Allows you to give colour to your servers and worlds!

Absent by Design - Adds models and code for the blocks; adds zero textures.  The mod pulls textures from the relevant source block.  It can be overriden with reosurcepacks as normal.       Compatible with all resource packs.

ToggleSprint - Allows you to toggle sprinting.

Prodigy Tech - Tech mod powered on hot air and unusual materials.

End Remastered - Make your journey to the End more Challenging and Engaging with End Remastered!

GalacticTweaks - Tweaking Mod for Galacticraft

 Unofficial Sodium Biome Blending Fix - An unofficial patch for Sodium that prevents it from blending colours of unwanted blocks

Trading Post - Rule the village! Trade with every villager at once!

Classic 3D - Classic Minecraft textures but with more complex 3D models

Second Chance (Forge) - No more one-hit kills or accidental falls!

Stronghold Finder - Using triangulation this mod will help you find the Stronghold 

Responsive Shields - Remove that delay when blocking

Tierability - Tierable items, artifacts and other.

AIOT Botania - This mod adds AIOTs to Botania.

SimpleMagnets - A simple magnet mod for Fabric 1.17

Roundaround's Jukebox Particles - Add music particles to jukeboxes similar to Bedrock.

Endemic - Native trees from saplings!

Custom Background Color - Change Background gradient color and transparency

BetterNetherBeta - A mod that transforms the Nether dimension with new biomes, materials, mobs and plants

Keep The Rain - Makes the rain stay after sleeping

Info Is Power! - Gives you more info in hud!

Don't Do Death Despawn - This mod prevents items from despawning if they were dropped as a result of a player death

Otter-Dedsafio/Nutria-dedsafio  - Add the dedsafio otter to minecraft/Añade la nutria del dedsafio (Pon el bmorph para ser la nutria)

Crafty Cuisine - Vanilla Inspired Food - Adds food that makes vanilla food items more useful

Zech's Essentials - Aims to make the vanilla experience just a bit better, no breaking game-mechanic changes

Corpse - Never lose your items again!

Mechanical Tech - Wind, water and muscle! Primitive vanilla-esque technology without electricity or magic.

Recipe Printer - Converts recipes and item groups into nice looking images

MainMenuChanger - Configurable mod that lets you change how the Main Menu is laid out.

Luna's Mod - Adds new tools, armor, blocks, and foods for your enjoyment!

Skin Hotkey - Switch skin layers by hotkeys

Feather Trampling - A mod that prevents players from trampling farmland while wearing Feather Falling boots

Old Animations - Client-side modification for Fabric that allows users to restore animations from older versions. 

 Unusual Drill - 🗻new effective tools to mine large areas ! 🔷 2.0 update : Multidrill

AutoGG - Automatically says gg in chat.

Tropicraft - The utopian idyllic getaway that you have been waiting for!

Sky GUIs - An addon for Skyblock Builder which provides GUIs to easily modify and view teams

Lightning Power - Turn your lightning rods into a power source.

ExtraOrigins - Croptopia Addon - Adds support for Croptopia to ExtraOrigins.

Sulfur and Potassium - Two new ores - craft more gunpowder!

Simply Swords - A variety of unique swords to add to your minecraft repertoire.

GeyserSkinManager Fabric - Fabric port of the GeyserSkinManager plugin

AutoBoop - Automatically boops ur friends when they join on hypixel

EM4ES: ExplorerMapForEveryStructure - Serverside mod to add 'explorer maps' for each structure in the registry, bought from wandering traders

Custom Piglin Bartering - Allows you to map an item to a loot table to represent piglins' trades for that item. 

EnderCore - This library is used by EnderIO, EnderZoo, and many others.

Disable Portals - A simple mod that allows for the disabling of nether portals and end portals.

Spartan Awakens - A mod that adds Chaos Awakens compatibility for Spartan Weaponry.

Projectile Damage Attribute - Range weapon damage becomes configurable

Assorted Storage - Adds an assortment of new storage to Minecraft

u00a7 - Brings back the good old formatting codes.

Kontrolo (Forge) - Press K to get a quick commands GUI

Audiobook - Play books out loud so you can listen while you play.

Achievable - A mod that adds a few more advancements to minecraft.

Third Person Maps - Render those pesky Minecraft Maps in everyone's favorite perspective: third person. #thirdpersongang

Fabric NMTQ - Removes the Moved Too Quickly check for entities and vehicles

Rusted Iron - RUSTED IRON adds the copper oxidization feature to Iron Blocks in the form of rust!

Dwayne "The Block" Johnson - Bring Dwayne "The Block" Johnson into your world

Solar Apocalypse - This mod starts a Solar Apocalypse.

Not Enough Gamerules - This Minecraft mod adds gamerules

Struct Plus - Struct plus is a server-side fabric mod that adds some new Structures to Minecraft.  Those structures try to not be too over the top and fit with the style of the vanilla game.

Shader Reload - A mod that allows vanilla shader reloading with F3+R, made for fabric loader.

GlowfulWorld - This mod adds a unique glow color to (almost) every type of entity on Minecraft! And also shows how to use ColoredGlowLib 

Realistic Sleep - Makes sleeping speed up time instead of skipping to day.

Aegis - Aegis is a kotlin DSL wrapper around brigader

World Height Booster - A deeper underground and an expansive sky - unlock your creativity with 512 blocks of build height!

Roundaround's Allay Duplication - Bring 1.19.1 allay duplication to 1.19!

more ships - ads ships that are on the water

GugleCarpetAddition - Gugle's Carpet Addition

Boring Default Game Rules - A mod that allows to change the default game rule values through convenient methods.

CreateOrigin - Experience a colorful survival with Create mod at the Fabric

LootBeamsFabric - A Minecraft Fabric mod that adds colorful and customizable loot beams to dropped items!

MineGate · MoreBlocks - Add lots of blocks and new variations.

Health Blast - Creepers' health determines their explosion power

Structure Void Toggle - Gets rid of that annoying Structure Void hitbox when building with a toggle!

More Blocks Mod - More Blocks Mod adds vanilla like blocks to give builders a better experience. This has a few additions like terracotta brick blocks, petrified wood, and select variations of slabs and stairs that are already in game.

Gentle Picking - Lets you pick up flowers and mushrooms with a right-click!

Anvil Crush - Additional carpet rules.

Mossier Deepslate - Ever wished your deepslate could be mossier?

UpdatedHud - Replaces the HUD with a more simple version.

Ctrl Q - This mod forces "CTRL+Q" to be used to drop a stack of item

Food+ [Fabric] - food+

Fireflallay - No fireflies in 1.19? Look closer: give a torch to an allay and see what happens! 

Buried Barrels - A simple vanilla+ mod that generates hidden treasures in the form of buried barrels!

Simple Angel Ring - Adds an Angel Ring that grants creative flight.

Portal Helper - Helps you create portals

Precise Damage - Changes damage calculations to allow for fractional values. Can be installed server-side.

DelayedReports - A mod that delays your chat messages so that they are delayed in reports. Making it harder for Mojang to validate, and hopefully a temporary solution to Fabricated chat reports

Easy Villagers - Never get annoyed by villagers again!

Magic Mirror - A magic mirror which lets you TP home

Immersive Railroading - A life size rail transport system for Minecraft

Overly Optimized - Optimizes your game to the fullest, on the newest of versions.

Custom Commands - custom command aliases for vanillish servers written in kdl

Dynamic Surroundings: Remastered Fabric Edition - Remastered Fabric Version of Dynamic Surroundings mod for Minecraft

Lotta Blocks - A small mod that adds several different building blocks for your build pallet!

Some Music Discs - Want to add some music discs? Well you're in luck... sorta.

Pyrotastic 🎆 - A mod that (subjectively) improves fireworks

Terramap - Enhance your Terraplusplus experience with a powerful dynamic real world map

Erbium_key_mod - le mod qui permet d'ouvrir des box sur mon serveur pvp faction

Pigless Portals - Stop those pesky pigmen from spawning in portals

NoChatReport - Disables the ability for clients to report chat messages to Mojang/Microsoft by sending chat messages as (unsigned) System messages instead

Smithee - Combine all the parts

Mubble - Expand your world with features from the Nintendo universe, and way more. (Mario, Undertale...)

Guess What Will Happen In This - Social experiment where everyone can PR anything.

Moving Elevators - Moving Elevators adds real Elevators to Minecraft!

Punch 2 Prime - A one-mixin mod to use Mojang's emulation of pre-Beta 1.7 TNT!

Tempad - Create a portal to anywhere from anywhere

Middleground - Options menus: OptiFine is cluttered. Sodium is out of place. Let's meet in the middle!

Divine Origins - An Origins extension that adds various mythology related origins

Switchy - Commands for switching between nothing - which includes nicknames, origins, skins, inventories, and more.

ReCraft - Mod which expands on vanilla features which would add blocks, add variations to balanced gear, food, etc. 

Simpler Options - This mod is complementary to other mods. It simplifies complex mod settings to make them as Vanilla-like as possible. 

Compressed Creativity - Bridging Create and PneumaticCraft: Repressurized together

Storage Recursion  - Simple mod to remove limits that Mojang placed

Modular Materials - Dynamic and fully customizeable material-generation-system for Minecraft 1.12.2, 1.17.1, 1.18.x and 1.19.x

bendy-lib - model part bending library

Wormhole (Portals) - Wormhole allows you to construct teleportation portals with the use of wormhole stabilizer technology!

ArmorHUD - Displays your armor and held item above the hotbar.

Korulein's Performance Emporium - A Modpack collection which pushes Modern optimisation to the max!

Applied Mekanistics - The official Mekanism support addon for AE2

CubicWorldGen - CubicWorldGen contains a normal and superflat customizable world generators for CubicChunks

RSInfinityBooster - Added Infinity Range Card 

Action Inventory Mod - Allows creation of special inventories that do things when items are clicked

Lint - A Big Tech & Magic Content Mod for Fabric

Automata Survivia - A handful of the best mods to enhance your modded survival experience without taking away from the game.

Clock HUD - Display a clock on client side

Roundaround's Nicer Portals - Various small improvements to portals.

Mo' Blocks [Fabric] - A simple mod that adds random decorative and useful blocks.

 CIIF - Craftable Invisible Item Frames - This mod allows you to craft invisible item frames and use them in a convenient way!

trainb0y's Visuals + Optimization Pack - A fully client-side Optifine replacement for Quilt

AdiCrafter - An automated crafting table

Simple Buffers - Configurable buffers for easy automation

Stairdoors - A simple mixin to allow placing doors on stairs!

MCDoom - Adds content from Doom to Minecraft.

Remove HUD But Not Hand - Take control over the in-game HUD

Block Renderer - Renders PNGs of blocks and items on-demand

IGauntlet - A mod that adds the Infinity Gauntlet to your minecraft world with a few cool features.

Revelationary - Data Driven Block and Item Revelation system. Discover as you go!

LoaderComplex - A very simple mod that aims to be compatible with almost every mod/plugin loader

New Telekinesis Enchantment - Enchantment that puts dropped Items in the Player Inventory

Durability Notifier - Durability Notifier is a mod that shows you when your tool hits a configured percentage of durability.

retiNO - Say "NO!" to Retina.

LoTAS - Tools for creating Tool Assisted Speedruns

Limits' Grapple - Adds a grappling hook that lets you swing around and just have fun :)

Black_dogs's Modding Library (BML) - A core library for my mods going forward

Initially - Initially starts you out with a configured set of items

Embers Construct - All the tinkers' stuff in Embers.

Copper Hopper - Hopper that acts as a simple item filter.

Better `rsqrt` - Replaces the constants Minecraft uses for their functions for calculating the reciprocal square root (aka rsqrt) with more accurate alternatives

ExtraOrigins - AdditionalAdditions Addon - Adds support for AdditionalAdditions to ExtraOrigins.

Plonk - Place items down in the world

Logtellraw Command - Log tellraw's output to the server console or game output

Builtin Servers - A small mod that lets modpack makers set up built-in servers instead of shipping a preconfigured server.dat file.

Eccentric Tome - The book to end all books (Akashic Tome rewrite)

Ne v seti - A library for loading and editing offline player data.

Copper Tier - Adds copper tools, weapons, and armor balanced around the vanilla experience.

Ores Above Diamonds (Fabric) - The Ores Above Diamonds Mod adds the Amethyst and Black Opal, late-game gems that are far rarer than diamonds, yet also noticeably more powerful.

Stalwart Dungeons - 🏰 Adds hard dungeons for adventurers who want to collect relics and atrifacts

Paladin's Furniture Mod - A Modern Furniture mod for Minecraft where things are functional!

Practical Barrels - Practical Barrels is a fully-clientside Fabric-based Minecraft mod designed to offer a unique sorting mechanism for barrels.

Discarnate - Let a spirit use your body to perform your bidding

ArmorHide - Hide your armor from other players and yourself

BHops - Bunnyhopping in minecraft!

Wynnglance - Item rarity underlays for Wynncraft perfectionists

Immersive Amethyst - A balanced way of getting Budding Amethyst blocks.

Windowlogging - Put Windows inside other blocks

Aurora's Decorations - A decorations-focused Minecraft mod.

Detailed Debug Pie - Various improvements for the F3 debug pie

Blocked server bypass for Fabric - Blocked server bypass is a client mod that stops the Minecraft client from checking for blocked servers, which allows you, the player, to join any server that has been previously blocked.

Flower Seeds - Farmable Flowers

Vanillish - A lightweight and beautiful vanilla experience

Totem Anywhere Standalone - Allows using totems of undying from your inventory.

Modular Loot Crates and Bundles - Lockable highly dynamic loot chests for fabric

Furnish - Lovely and useful furnitures for Minecraft

Iron Oak - Farm ore infused trees instead of mining

Panda Info - Shows panda genes

AEInfinityBooster - Adds Infinite Range Card and Dimension Card to AE2

Calc - A calculator in your chat with shortcuts designed for Minecraft.

Mob proof crystals - This mod allows to spawnproof big terrain areas with just one end crystal.

Shut, Badlion - Fixes the log spam caused by joining a Hypixel lobby containing a player using Badlion.

LittleTweaks - Mod that adds little things to the client

VehicleFix - A small mod that makes it so vehicles (boat, horse, minecart, etc) check if their passenger is going to collide with blocks when it moves.

Basalt Crusher - Minecraft Fabric mod to crush basalts

Score Migrator - Automatically migrates a player's scoreboard objective scores when their name changes

Exotic Blocks - Fancy and novel building blocks for Minecraft

Meticulous - Meticulous helps you avoid breaking blocks accidentally

Cyber Permissions - The Fabric Permission Mod

StackCalc - Client side mod to quickly and easily calculate item quantities in stacks.

🐀 Big Rat - BIG RAT

Delphis - Vanilla Compatible Clientside Performance & QOL

Herodotus Utils - A mod containing useful features for modpack Herodotus

JPG Screenshot - Saves all screenshot as jpg file

JythonMC - Python for mods

Not Enough Space - This is a modpack for the (private) Not Enough Space SMP

Miku_Mod - A mod by mcst12345

Supremely Optimized - Minecraft optimization as it should be... 

Cauldrons - Adds more stuff you can do with cauldrons!

Light in the Sky - Extremely lightweight tech-focused skyblock pack

Skyblock Ultima Tools - Useful tools for Skyblock modpacks

FeatherFallFlying - Allows feather falling on helmets to reduce kinetic damage (from elytras)!

RustedIron - Adds in the ability for Iron to rust when placed in the world, like copper. Also adds in new iron building blocks!

Entity Modifiers - Entity modifiers are files in data packs that can change entity properties.

Infinitory - Infinite inventory and stack size!

WAYF? - Where Are You From? - A serverside-only Fabric mod that adds the corresponding mod name to items in the lore

Affectionate - A mod about player interactions, made for Modfest: Singularity.

Walled Garden - Control access to your server based on users installed mods.

Pl3xMap v2 - Minimalistic and lightweight world map viewer for Paper servers using the vanilla rendering style

Book of the Day - Librarian Villagers offer a different Enchanted Book trade every day!

Magnum Torch - Powerful torches to prevent mob spawns around your home in a large area.

Ember's lightweight worldgen pack - A pack mostly focused on worldgen, using only mods from Modrinth!

Blast Travel - Fast transportation using cannons

Tula's Mod Bundle - A Tula's mod bundle slightly enhances the vanilla Minecraft gaming experience.

Additional Lanterns - Additional Lanterns adds many new lanterns with different colors and materials!

Graves Not Forgotten - Safely retrieve items lost on death.

Villager Helper - A mod to show some information of a villager

Advanced Mining Dimension - Adds a dimension consisting just of caves

Don't Burn My Stuff - Apply Fire Protection to every item to protect it from fire and lava

Packed Up (Backpacks) - Packed Up allows you to pack up all your things into new amazing Backpacks!

Amethyst Gravity - Control gravity with hidden powers of amethyst.

Deepslate Instamine - instamine deepslate and other blocks with eff5 haste2 netherite pickaxe, deepslate generator

Fabric's Biome Api Reforged - Ports fabric's biome api to forge

Fabric Death Messages - a fabric mod that let's you customize various death messages for your server

Dimension Fix (Some Forge Patches Ported) - Fixes dimensions all being removed when 1 gets removed.

Moar FPS - A simple mod for more fps. In fact, as many fps as you want.

Vibes - Listen to music discs on the go with the Vibe

Ad Astra (Fabric) - Live long and prosper, Ad Astra!

Experience Remover - This mod removes experience and makes enchantment tables and anvils purely cosmetic. The mod can be enabled and disabled in the config.

Scaffolding Extension - Extend scaffolding beyond the normal limit of 7

BetterFlying - Makes creative flying more like it is on Bedrock edition. 

Flowering Friends - A mod that allows you to stack flowers

SpawnProtectionTweaks - Adds in-game spawn protection manipulation

Farming for Blockheads - Adds a seed market with a search bar and a scrolling grid, and more farming utilities.

Periodic - A Mod that adds elements from the periodic table to Minecraft

Regional Chat - A mod that limits the range a player can talk and be heard via text chat

SimpleDropInventory - Automatically drop items into the player's inventory

Trinkets (Polymer Port) - Trinkets but with Polymer and Fabric Server Side™

Curse of Curses - A mod which applies a random curse with a configurable chance each night to a random enchantable item in players inventory.

DinnerMod - A mod to be like DinnerMod

Avaritia Furnace - An incredible furnace in Avaritia Style

Forbidden and Arcanus  - A mod that adds magical themed content and building blocks.

The Big Bench Theory - Fabric finally gets its 9x9 crafting!

OldInput - raw input backport to old minecraft versions

PolyPuck - A small utility to disable PolyMc for already modded clients

Instant Blocks - Generate structures or perform actions instantaneously.

Vanilla Ice Cream - The finest (fully serverside) Vanilla ice cream you will ever taste.

winver.jar - Display the version of Minecraft on the top-left hand corner of the screen!

Clean Chat - Fabric mod to remove chat message warnings introduced in 1.19.1 

Skinned Lanterns (Fabric) - Add skins to Lanterns!

No LAN Cheats - Makes the 'Allow Cheats' button on the LAN screen do nothing, preventing you from cheating.

Condensed Creative - A conveniet way to store similar items in a single expandable Condensed Slot

GroupChat - A mod to add server-side group chats to Minecraft to allow for private messaging.

Explorer's Suite - Immersive coords and time HUD, effect campfires, and other things to make the world cozy

Corn Delight - Corn addon of Farmer's Delight

Ender IO - Base - Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc.

IWant2TryHard's Shortbows - A mod that adds, well, Shortbows! Shoot your foes with high speed! (And in style. Sort of.) 

Werewolves - Rise as Werewolf. An addon for Vampirism

Colorful Anvils - 🎨 Use large variety of colors in anvils

Christmas Spirit: Rewoven - Christmas joy and cheer

Victorian Gewgaws - Various new vanilla compatible enchantments, abilities, etc

Less Annoying Piglins - A mod that makes piglins neutral after bartering.

SkyblockGen - generate skyblock worlds

Chalk: Colorful Addon - Colorful Chalk for the Chalk mod

Bobo's Supermarket 2 - A mod that produces a large amount of food

HealthIndicator - shows you a warning when your health goes under a certain amount

Subspace train - No longer shall our trains be restricted to a dimension

Booking It - A library mod to scoot around the hardcoded and enum filled mess that is the recipe book! Add categories and groups with ease.

Block Runner - Encourages path building by making you run faster on certain blocks such as path blocks.

Soul Shards Respawn - Custom spawners for any mob!

Better Command Block UI - Provides a more usable Command Block UI

More Bows: Restrung! - A port of the More Bows mod to 1.7.10 and above!

RelicEx - Adds compatible Trinket items for PlayerEx attributes.

Turf - Decorative grass blocks that you can dye.

More banner layers - A simple mod that adds more layers to the banners in Minecraft.

🤸 Falling Block Tweaks - Makes falling blocks fall when shot with a projectile, and maybe other things later...

Unobtrusive Bats - Makes bats less annoying

Mob Spawning Light Level - Control the light level mobs spawn at with /gamerule mobSpawningLightLevel

Scarpet Os Utils - Scrapet extension to run os commands and programs.

Craftable Bundles - Makes bundles craftable.

Charcoal+ - Adds coal piece, charcoal piece, and charcoal block

Carpet JankAddons - A fabric carpet extension that adds features which are missing from the original carpet and existing extensions.

Ender IO - Conduits -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

CutefulMod - Very cute mod that adds tweaks to the game

Retro64 [FABRIC] - A Fabric Port of Retro64

ChunkDebug - This is a server side mod that sends the client data about currently loaded chunks, meant for use with EssentialClient which displays this information on the client.

Better Christmas Chests - Custom textures for Enderchests and trapped chests and Christmas

Map Crash Fixer - A mod to fix a 1.17.1 bug with map crashes.

Hammer - Minimal, base performance layer for Forge.

Hardcore Revival - Help your friends back up after they die (if you can make it in time)

Path under fence gates - Allows you to make dirt paths under fence gates.

VillagerConfig - Advanced Villager configuration with data driven trades

Smarter Mobs - A mod that makes mobs a little bit smarter. 

Screaming Goats - A mod that differentiates screaming goats from non-screaming goats

Basic Materials - Basic metals and materials for other mods to use.

WiiDude's Custom Origins - An addon mod for origins.

DaylightChangerStruggle - A fully client-sided time changer mod which features the ability to cycle smoothly.

The Forgotten Forest - Enter a forgotten land filled with a whole new world of possibilities

Boson Fabricated - A vanilla plus mod in the same vein as Charm.

MCMTFabricCE - Minecraft Multi-Threading Mod Fabric Port Compatibility Enhancement

Rangefinder HUD - Shows you how far away stuff is, useful for finding the dimensions of things.

OAuth - Adds the ability to login and authenticate to Microsoft, Mojang, or Legacy accounts!

OptiSodium - Opftifine features with sodium levels of perforrmance

BE Style Wither - Brings the behavior of Wither closer to Bedrock Edition

CastleBlocks - CastleBlocks introduces new types of bricks into Minecraft called 'Castle Bricks'. These bricks can be only easily broken by their intitial builder or by explosives, excellent for player-vs-player applications and castles!

Farmer's Delight - A cozy expansion to farming and cooking!

LinsAPI - An API for my mods

Bella - A single feature mod that adds the ability to put bells on animals.

Piercing Paxels - Dynamic Upgradable Multi-tools!

Enchantment Groups - Easy to set up Enchantment Exclusivity using Groups

Borderless - Minecraft Client Window Borderless

Moovy - "Overhaul" minecraft's movement to be akin to movement shooters

Better Punching - A minecraft mod, making punching and breaking blocks much more realistic!

Mine Cells - Dead Cells content in Minecraft

Bestiary - A modpack built around 'Lycanites Mobs' and 'Ice and Fire' for a monster taming-slaying experience.

Universe Box - Adds a pocket dimension block

Ancient Warfare 3 - A continuation of Ancient Warfare for 2022.

Vanilla Experience - Why not, Mojang? - A Vanilla compatible (Forge & Fabric) mod that reenable things and adds some vanilla kind features!

Shulker Tooltip - Move your mouse cursor over a shulker box to see what's inside.

Collisions Lib - Collisions Lib is a small mod which gives all mobs a solid hitbox.

Hytools - A mod that has useful tools for Hypixel

The Printer - Duplicate items at the cost of experience and time

CombustibleEntities - Allows for directly setting entities on fire

Lawnage - Adds Lawn blocks of various types to minecraft in fabric (rebirth of OffLawn)

Inventory Pause - Pause your single player game when Inventory is open.

No Double Tap Sprint - Disables the double-tap-forward sprinting mechanic (and can be toggled in options)

More Chickens - Resources from chickens

Relativity - Take control over the flow of time.

Minecart Booster - Configure your minecart's speeds!

Raise Sound Limit Simplified - A mod that raises Minecraft sound sources limit in a simple way

Ender IO - Endergy -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

Client Brand - Adds /brand command to check what clients (eg. vanilla, fabric, forge) each player uses

Mob Filter - Serverside rules to limit mob spawning

MobCorpses - Leaves behind mob corpses after they die

Mimics - Mimics lurk in the world, waiting to eat your loot. Should you be clever enough, you could have a boon companion for your loot-hoarding adventures

Lightest Lamps - Mod adds lamps with larger range and special ones.

Big Fan of It - Adds a functional fan based on real life fan!

Stellar Paths - Another origins mod. But, more like origins classes.

Lib39 - Useful mixins, events, and utilities originating in Yttr.

GraphiX - A server sided mod to display Luckperms chat meta.

Pretty Beaches - Adjusts water physics when digging sand near water to prevent ugly.

Vianô's Vanilla+  - Mixed Mod by Bilâl 

Kettle - Kotlin Mod library for Quilt

Yardwork - Yardwork tools in Minecraft.

Chat Control - Take back control of your server chat with filters and mutes.

Translated Legacy - Localize b1.7.3 using adapted 1.12 translation files and also load language files from other mods.

Phantoms See Phantoms [Origins Addon] - Makes the origin "Phantom" be able to see other phantoms while in the phasing state

Silky hands -  A minecraft mod that makes a specified player (or players) drop the exact block they break (Basically dsmp ranboo)

Drogtor the Nickinator - A simplistic nickname mod

Paradise Mod - A mod that makes many improvements to Minecraft and adds lots of new content

Quick Turn Mod - Pressing a configurable key will make the player do a 180

Autocrafting Table - An extremely basic implementation of an autocrafting table with a template.

Bouncy Castle! - Multicolored blocks that you can bounce off the sides of!

Death Flashback - Allowing teleporting to your death point when you have a recovery compass in your main hand and an ender pearl in your off hand.

Flat Lighting - A simple mod that disables shading on all models which makes lighting appear more flat. 

Gastrolimital Bypass - Disable the player limit on servers

 Jet Boots - Have you heard about jetpacks, they are so 2017

Tropics - A mod about palm trees and coconuts!

FMapOverlayMod - Shows all factions and their names visually

GravelMiner - Automatically (insta-)mines falling gravel blocks that get in your way while mining.

Dynamic Registries - Allows other mods to create data-pack based registries

Dokokashira Door - Enhances vanilla doors

NEOPI - Avaritia-like mod for Fabric

Flowstone - Adds a chance to generate an ore block whenever lava and water would otherwise generate a stone block.

Data Reload - A mod that allows datapack reloading with F3+Y, made for fabric loader.

DisableMessageDeletion - Disable message deletion by the server on the client.

Mendable Anvils (Fabric) - A mod that allows players to fix their anvils by shift + right-clicking an anvil with an iron ingot

more underground structures - Ads a few underground structures.

Whipdashing - A Powerful Mobility Tool!

You can't damage me! - Simple mod adding few gamerules controlling taking damage by player

Woodiertexas' Desserts - Adds various desserts to Minecraft. (Currently a placeable pumpkin pie for now)

Skylands - Simple skyblock islands generator and manager.

Everlasting Abilities - Discover, share and conquer abilities that stick

Hourglass - Beds accelerate the passage of time smoothly until daytime. Custom day and night lengths.

Useful Slime - Adds the slime sling and slime boots from Tinkers' Construct

GemsPlusPlus - A update to RobZ51's Gems+

Fabric Advanced Shift - Fabric Shift Tool utility

ZiiM-Hud - A nice simple modular hud to display useful information.

Valkyrien Skies - Airships

Aliases - Displays username history for a player through a server-side command.

Polaroid - Adds a Polaroid camera to Minecraft

Armor Render Lib - Small extension library to Fabric API's ArmorRenderer, with more targeted and specific implementation to dynamically change armor texture and color.

Copper Tools - Adds copper tools to Minecraft

Sustenance - A small mod expanding the saturation/food system.

Golden Age Combat - Classic combat has returned! Bring back the fun, and the memories of course.

Moisturization - Giver greater control over farmland moistness and crop growth.  Also sprinklers.

Better Respawn - This mod adds a mechanic that lets you respawn near your death location.

ChickensShed - Chickens shed their feathers occasionally.

Compressed - Adds Coompressed variants of most vanilla blocks

Banilla Hammers - A mod that adds vanilla-styled hammers with special attack!

numerus romani - Translations for arbitrarily large enchantment levels and 0.

Sign Retain - Signs retain text on break

ProjectF - This is ProjectF, it was created to add new mobs, tools, weapons and armor to minecraft. And also a new dimension, primitive tools.

DefaultServerList - Include a selection of Servers in your modpack without including a servers.dat file!

Technopig - He never dies - Name any pig "Technoblade" to make them never die

Traverse: Legacy - Adds beautiful new biomes with a Vanilla feel.

More Respawn Anchors - A simple mod that adds more Respawn Anchors to the game.

I'm Feeling Lucky - Modifies the vanilla loot table such that you get more stuff

Tinkers Bounce Pad - This mod adds an updated version of the Bounce Pad from Tinkers' Construct 1.6.4

Control Engineering - Redstone control and logic for Immersive Engineering

Polypack Host - Automatically build, host and require all your installed polymer mods resources!

Better Shields - Speeds up shields 

Carpet Sky Additions - Carpet extension providing empty world generation with new ways to obtain resources

Glowing Potion - Adds a recipe for the glowing potion

Chain Lead - Make lead chainable

Perspective Mod Redux - 360 degree third person view

Vanilla Shears - Adds more shears using vanilla tool materials

Biome Technologies™ - Manipulate biomes with technology™

Particle Moths - Adds moths to your world using particles.

Kews More Blocks - Wanna have more blocks to build with? We've got you covered.

We do a miniscule amount of Warden buffery - Buffs the Warden and makes it drop things from randomly selected loot table

Fabripresence - Configurable Discord Rich Presence for Fabric

Item Collectors - Item Collectors adds Collectors which collect items in a specified range!

Lucky Ducks - Adds cute lil rubber ducks 

Elytra Recast - Bounce of the ground instead of landing with elytra

Mc2Discord - Link your Minecraft server chat with your Discord (integration, bridge)

Advancement Trophies - When completing advancements, you get a trophy that you can place to show off!

BasedCraft Lite - A massive tech/PVP modpack with over 500 mods that works great for both singleplayer and multiplayer. Just because it's "lite" doesn't mean it's small.

Ender IO - AE2 Conduits -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

AutoWB - Mod that automatically says welcome back to players that join back into hypixel in your guild/friends list

ChromaHudFabric - A Buggy Port of ChromaHud to Legacy Fabric

Vegan't Meat Fields - Grow any vanilla meat from a crop, side effects may be unsanitary.

Nitrogen - A small and lightweight modpack for better Vannila experience

XP Share - Adds a command to give xp to friends!

ExtraOrigins - AdventureZ Addon - Adds support for AdventureZ to ExtraOrigins.

Any one of us - Adds some features of our favourite French mercenary

Fortunate Ores - Iron, Copper and Gold ores (seemingly) drop themselves when mined, while still allowing Fortune to have an effect without exploitation

Scarves - Comfortable dynamic simulated cloth trinkets

Blaze Head Recipe for Tinker's Construct - It adds craft for blaze head.

Steak is not a Potion - Changes natural regeneration to be much slower and not consume saturation

Lag Goggles: Legacy - A backport of TerminatorNL's LagGoggles to 1.7.10

Keep My Hand - A Fabric mod that keeps your hand from being hidden with the UI when you press F1

Jockey! - Hatch a chicken, ride the chicken.

Mekanism Fluxified - Fluxifying the Mekaverse

Jump Over Fences - you can jump over blocks, why not fences?

OxyTools - Actually interesting copper tools

Colored Slime Blocks - Adds new slime block colors through dye.

Audino - Peek at the ItemStack NBT!

Quietly optimized  - A optimization pack focused on pushing the most out of Minecraft with some QoL addons

VanillaEnhanced - My personal modpack. Vanilla but with a bunch of optimization/improvement mods

Enchant the Rainbow - Choose the enchantment glint color for their enchanted items!

Lonsdaleite Tools (& Omnitool) - Adds a Lonsdaleite tier of tools/armor to Minecraft (Fabric)

Cherry Blossom Grotto - Add a new biome to your Minecraft world with the introduction of the cherry blossom grottos! These grottos include new trees, a village type and two new structures that can spawn naturally within the grotto and in a select few vanilla biomes!

 always-drop-loot - 1.18.1 Fork - Make mobs always drop exp and loot, regardless of cause of death.

EnchantmentTweaker - A library for modders to tweak various core properties of enchantments

TwitchLink - Link livestream chat on Twitch to your Minecraft chat! (one way)

Butter SB - This is a Fabric mod for Minecraft 1.18.1 which adds QOL features for Hypixel Skyblock This is meant as a replacement for all the popular 1.8.9 mods for the gamemode, but for a newer version so it can be used with sodium for increased performance This can also be used to play on Hypixel SMP without changing versions

Universal Enchants - Better enchantments! Use them on all tools and weapons. Infinity crossbow, or looting trident anyone?

Warden Loot [Forge] - A configurable mod that adds very powerful (and very hard to get) weapons and armor, themed around the Warden and the Ancient City

Hidden Hydration - Allows water blocks under crop blocks to hydrate them.

Item Commander - A simple Serverside Fabric mod that allows you to assign commands to Item(Stacks)

Ender IO - Inv Panel - Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc.

Attraction - Makes Lodestones and Netherite Blocks magnetic, attracting magnetic items and blocks

Gift it - This mod is here to be a gorgeous replacement for your ugly duct tape mods.

Volatile Entity Cramming - Makes entities explode when there are too many in one place

Carrotify - Go above and beyond with the power of carrots.

FeyFriends - Mod to display the number of certain players on the screen.

[LEGACY] InvMove (Forge) - Adds the ability to walk around while in inventories.

Mending Tools Don't Break - Stops tools enchanted with mending from breaking.

Heart of the Machine - A whole new dimension of abandoned machinery to explore

Extra Discs - Extra Discs is a Fabric mod for Minecraft aiming to add more vanilla feeling music discs to the game.

Origins: Classes (Forge) - An unofficial Forge port for Origins: Classes

clientgive - A simple clientside utility for spawning in any item within Creative mode.

Toggle Scoreboard - A simple mod that adds a keybind to toggle the scoreboard!

EmuNO - Disables various macOS-specific behaviors, making your life better

The Graveyard (FORGE) - A mod that adds structures, mobs and blocks themed aroung the graveyard.

Sign Searcher - Highlights nearby signs that match your search query!

Spoken Word - Client-side mod that sends commands or messages when something happens!

Mod Info Command - A Fabric mod that adds a simple mod information command

Ancient Puzzles - Adds ruins with interactive puzzles

CustomNPC+ - CustomNPC+ is a Minecraft mod that allows you to add custom NPCs to your world. It is developed for creative and storytelling players who want to make their Minecraft worlds more in-depth and unique. 

Damage Overhaul - A mod that overhauls damage and armor calculations.

Chromatic - A Minecraft mod for controlling Razer Chroma keyboards

AdiCrate - A bad clone of Storage Drawer for Fabric

Villager Variety - Adds skin tone and eye color variations to villagers

Relative XP - Relativizes the costs of enchanting and anvil combining.

VampireLib - Library mod for all Vampire Studios Fabric mods.

Vanilla+ Official Server Modpack - A small, performant modpack used on the Vanilla+ Server.

Antique Atlas - Antique Atlas is a craftable item that enables a special map screen.

GregFood - Traditional Chinese Food

Hardened Crops - Makes the distance needed to fall in order to trample farmland configurable.

Boat with Everything - The Boat with Chest is cool, I guess, but I want to put more things in my boat

KirinSkinFix - Fixes transparent skins in Kirin UI!

Where Are The Ores? - An Addon for NotEnoughItems to show Generation-Data of all your Ores!

Accessible Dev Blocks - A mod that tries to make it a bit less of a pain to use Minecraft's vanilla developer features.

Unstackabundles - A Fabric mod that allows bundles to contain 4 unstackable items instead of just 1, surely solving the inventory problem

Troll Commands - This mod adds a bunch of commands you can use to troll your friends!

Super Sound Muffler: Legacy - A backport of Super Sound Muffler to 1.7.10

Naruto Mod - A mod based of the hit anime series Naruto

Just Enough Advancements (JEA) - An addon for JEI which let you search for advancements. This is pronounced like "yeah".

Fusions Grappling Hook - A mod that adds a vanilla friendly fun grappling hook to the game

LogUnSpam - Simply a mod to filter logs that you don't want.

"Better" Smoke - Makes campfire smoke "better" (more realistic)

Fabricated-Forge - Load Forge mods on Fabric Loader.

Light Block - Fabric - Implements the Light Block from Bedrock into Fabric

Saplanting - Auto-plant all kinds of sapling-item drops, support 2x2 trees.

MC Folders - A Minecraft mod that allows you to change directories for your worlds and resource packs.

Redderstone - Sometimes 15 just isn't enough

CoverThoseThighs - Renders striped thigh-highs on all entities

RichLocalTextLib - Rich text support for translations

Personal Spaces - Individual worlds for each player on a server! No client mods required!

Olympian's Blocks - Hi, Im Olympian. This mod adds vanilla-ish blocks. Also items sometimes. 

Skyblock Mod (Fabric) - Helpful Features for Hypixel Skyblock for Fabric 1.17+

HELP! I'm being framed! - Blocks with customizable textures

Engination - Charming Conventional Cubes and Convention Center Curiosities

Create Ore Excavation - Extract resources using machines powered by Rotational Force

AntiIgnoringChunk - Removes annoying "Ignoring chunk since it's not in the view range" log messages

Layer Control - Layer Control is a fabric mod that allows you to control which layers should be rendered.

No Gizmo - Removes the gizmo from the Debug (F3) screen.

CC: Tweaked for Fabric (Discontinued) - A port of CC: Tweaked to Fabric.

Switchy Inventories - Addons for Switchy affecting balance. Swappable inventories, including trinkets.

Diorite - Diorite is an inventory utility for mass-dropping items deemed worthless. Trash loadouts are customizable, and the mod is fully-clientside.

Tools Statistic - Viewing tool statistics

Ender IO - Machines - Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc.

Ion Chests (compat) - Quark/Iron Chests and other compatibility tweaks

Chunky Border - An add-on for Chunky which lets you create and manage world borders

Almost Unified - Unify all resources.

Cursed Mod - Minecraft Cursed mod for Fabric

MahjongCraft - Playing Japanese(Riichi) Mahjong in Minecraft!

No Bar - Removes the chat indicator introduced in 1.19.1 for message types

Doctor Who - Weeping Angels - Mod that adds the quantum locked creatures from Doctor Who to Minecraft

No Recipe Book Reborn - Removes the buttons for the recipe book.

Soul Under Sculk (SUS) - Transform into a very Suspicious being of Sculk.

Linking Books - Teleport between dimensions using linking books from the Myst video game series

Diamond Nuggets - There's iron and gold nuggets, why not diamond nuggets? (Forge/Fabric)

La Cucaracha - Adds Roaches to the game! Roaches are nasty bugs who eat dropped food, but beware of swarms!

ParadoxConfig - Kotlin-based Config API

Crunchy Crunchy Advancements - No more advancements! Removes, Hides, and configurably takes a bite out of the advancements system, without breaking mods.

Fireman - Adds a hotkey that toggles instantly punching out all fires in reach.

EffectMC - Trigger special effects live in-game! Minecraft Forge and Fabric versions available!

Flight Rings - Two flight rings which grant creative flight

It's Poppin'! - A silly popcorn mod.

Bottled Allays - A mod that lets you store allays in bottles. 

Wooden Armor - adds wooden armor sets and cobblestone

Better Ping Display - Adds a configurable numerical ping display to the player list

Minihic's Soupy Surival - Aesthetic and QOL mods for the ultimate survival experience

HonkyTones - MIDI controllers and instruments.

myLoot - Instanced loot per player for a better looting experience on Multiplayer servers

Biome Update - A wonderful update for minecraft, which will improve it very well! Biomes here will be updated: Swamp, Badlands, Desert and Savanna!

motioNO - Stops Minecraft from changing the FoV when running, using potions and bows, etc.

Frogs Per Second - Light weight modpack that boosts your FPS to the max.

Settings Keybinds - Adds key bindings to change Minecraft settings.

Ender IO - RS Conduits -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

noclip - Adds a way to noclip in any game mode, like spectator mode

No more Infinite Water - prevents water becoming infinite outside select biomes

Bundle Jumble - Place blocks from your bundle randomly to assist in building

Easier Powdered Snow - Serverside mod that makes farming powdered snow easier

SilkThatAmethyst - Use silk touch on budding amethyst

OP Tab - Adds a creative mode tab for items that are normally obtainable via /give.

🐷👑 Technoblade's Crown - Showcase Technoblade's Crown in your Minecraft world.

TerraPlusPlus - Terra++ is a fork of Terra 1 to 1 (a mod that utilizes public online datasets to generate the Earth's structures and features without any unfamiliar blocks or biomes at a 1 to 1 scale) which aims to greatly improve the performance, fix bugs and add new, useful and fast features to the original mod.

Magnet for Fabric - A simple magnet for fabric 1.16/1.15! Continuation of the FabricMagnet mod by TheRealp455w0rd

Arathain's Serverside Shenanigans - serverside "improvements" to the game

Lightstones - Adds emissive stones inspired by Bionicle

LootJS: KubeJS Addon - A Minecraft mod for packdevs to easily modify the loot system with KubeJS.

Short Grass - Fabric mod that will make grass shorter and less obstructive

GShop - A server-side mod which adds shops.

Ultimate Plane Mod - Planes in Minecraft

Cozy Cabincore - C3 - Redwoods, flowers, cabin logs, and more!

StarterPack - StarterPack will allow you to create a starter kit that is given to each player when they first log into the game.

Aptitude - Villager profession additions

Trailblazer - Dirt Trails!  Firewalker Boots!  Vanilla-friendly footpaths!!

Botanical Machinery - Automating Botania is easier than you think

Press Alt To Meow - Press Alt To Meow

gatekeep - Remove the bar in chat & toast showing message sign status.

Integrated Terminals - Terminals for managing and overviewing Integrated Dynamics networks

Mineball - Adds a football

LightWithin - This mod lets free your very own inner light power. By realeasing the light within you you are going to be able to heal, defend and attack when you need the most! 

Better Enchantment Boosting - Makes bookshelves boost enchantment tables from farther away

Fixed Villager Trades - A mod that makes villagers remember their profession trades.

One Block At A Time - The 22w13a Minecraft April fools update ported to other versions.

Anvil Delimited - Allows you to change the anvil's limit.

Islands - A simple minecraft mod that adds a new World Type generating an endless ocean filled with islands.

YesCheat - No more rubber-banding

Wyrms of Nyrus - The Nyral Wyrms, now in your Minecraft worlds!

SmartVision - Enhances vision of the game

Hungy Villager - Disables mobGriefing for Villagers and grass-eaters.

Oak's Ore Mod - Refabricated - A simple ore mod for Fabric 1.17

Sessility - Keeps track of sessile creatures, more often known as "AFK players".

Find - Search For Items - Quick search the inventory for a specific item

Blast Rod - Adds a new Blast Rod block that breaks every movable block it is pushed into.

ChewStuff - Adds Chew Necklaces to the game, which interact with potion effects.

Daily Dad - A dad joke whenever you join a world

Cloak of Gray Tomorrow - Adds a cloak that gives you total invisibility... at a price.

Hypnos - Simple sleep vote mod

More Golden Food - A mod that adds more Golden Food to Minecraft!

Peripheralium - Library mod for all of my peripheral mods

Minecalc - This mod was made for ModFest: Singularity. It adds a Calculator ingame, to make calculations you may need to do easy and fast.

Powerfulparadox's Create Server Pack - A pack that was designed for my personal SMP, but might be useful to other Create mod players looking for a Vanilla-ish experience

Resource Extractor - Extracts resources out of Minecraft and mods to create a template resourcepack for creators.

UPC - Adds a block to convert between Tech Reborn and Modern Industrialization energy

Lazier AE2 - Make your life with Applied Energistics 2 a little easier. A port of LazyAE2.

EqualNBT - Removes the limitation for not modifying player NBT data  

Pipette - Pipette is a WYSIWYG pipe mod for items.

Arcpocalypse - Let the chaos god spring anew

Banilla Knives - A mod that adds vanilla-styled knives.

Timber Frames - Build walls out of various timber frames and bring your medieval builds to the next level.

Datapack Installer - A mod which allows you to select datapacks, compressed or as a folder, inside a folder during world creation without having to copy them.

Cursed Mob Waifus - Adds cursed mob waifus to minecraft that protect monsters (including you).

SwordsMod - This mod adds in basic swords that are stronger then diamond!

Artis-Recrafted - Configurable Crafting Tables for up to 9x9 in size

Ex Stellae - Gather resources from nothingness.

Sakura Rosea - A cherry tree biome mod (with a few more things)

GLSL Panorama Shaders - This mod allows resource packs to add GLSL shaders for the title screen panorama

Crafting Bench - A utility mod that adds a custom crafting table with semi-automatic crafting

Shield Expansion - Adds parrying, enchantments, tiers and customization to shields for more fun!

mineQuery - A helping mod at client side

BookUtils - Utilities for Minecraft books

Tiny Skeletons - Teeny, tiny skeletons, send shivers down your spine...

More Beautiful Buttons - Buttons in more colors to bring beauty to your world

Project Test - Adds anything!

Sharp Tone - An Instument, and a Weapon?

Conrad - A robust config library for Fabric

EntityFireSpread - Allows for fire spreading from lit mobs 

Random Respawns - Exactly what it says on the tin

Meowing - Pick up your Cat and let it meow at stuff

Up We Go! - Launch mobs into the skies with your choice of fireworks.

Admin Shop - Adds a configurable shop players can buy and sell items, fluids, and power!

InfinityLib - InfinityRaider's Library mod

Oh My Gourd! - Pumpkins! So many pumpkins!

Speedy MTR - A high-performance, high-quality MTR mod pack.

ThisIsFine - Registers most vanilla blocks as flammable 

SalTay's steps - adds stair like step blocks

Unwieldy - The way your hands are formed provide no way of holding a shield upright.

Sully's Mod - The goal of this mod is to add interesting features while still keeping a vanilla vibe

pridestrips - A mod that adds strips of pride flag colored blocks to the overworld!

Voyage - New biomes without a single new block or item.

Map Printer - Save maps to images (client side)

Balanced Recall - Mirrors and a mat

Platter - Automate the feeding of yourself and others!

Better Echo Shards - Aims to give echo shards more uses!

Ender Ore - Ender ore spawns in the world, giving an alternative means of gathering ender pearls

PlantusMaximus - Plant more better!

"The Frost" Portal - This mod adds a portal to the "The Frost" dimension from the equally named Datapack

No Name Tags - Disable the rendering of name tags

Enchanted Items - Enchant items in anvils

BlossomLib - Library mod for Blossom-series Fabric mods

Emerald Expansions - Expansions for emeralds, because emeralds are boring. Made for ModFest: Singularity

Projector - Projector Mod is a client side mod that adds a custom picture block that can display images from the internet in your Minecraft world. 

Slime Block in the Redstone Tab - Puts the slime block into the Redstone tab, where it belongs. That's it. Not needed serverside, client only.

Fatal Blow - Causes mobs to explode with a power depending on max health.

Quick Elytra - Quick Elytra adds a keybind that lets you swap your equipped elytra/chestplate.

Jar It! - You can put things in jars

Command Actions - Allows mcfunction files to be executed on various events

Arsenal Core - Base weapon mod based on realistic weapons.

Caves & Cliffs: Sculk - Adds Sculk Sensors, Sculk blocks, Slate, and Candles from the 1.17 update.

InventoryFullAlert - A status bar that shows how full your inventory is

Wild Adventure - A mod trying to simulate the real wild adventure!

Sneak Utils - Allows for different sneaking configurations per world/server.

Ender IO - Forestry -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

PotionCounter - shows how many potions you have left in your inventory

Bedventory - This mod was made for ModFest: Singularity. It is supposed to open the Inventory when going to sleep instead of opening the Chat. Who uses that in bed anyway?

Autocomplete Command Blacklist - Autocomplete command blacklist for Fabric servers 

Horse Statistics - A lightweight mod that shows the stats of horses (health, jump height, speed, owner and slots for Llamas). Client-sided mod, you don't need it for your server!

Useless Sword - 🔪 It's a mod that adds 76 new USEFUL swords to the game

CyanLib - Library for anoyone tu use, with small utilities that I use in my mods

Easy Piglins - Never get annoyed by bartering anymore!

Strong crops - Configure farmland trample height ( gamerule )

More Ores&Food&Craft - This mod allow you to craft many food and armor...

AnDe's Optimized - An optimization and QOL mopack not trying to break the vanilla experience.

 Customizable Player Models Simple Voice Chat compat - Adds compatibility between Customizable Player Models and Simple Voice Chat

Creative Keybind - Quickly change between Creative and Survival.

Scalable Cat's Force - Scala library for mods for forge

FURC (Fabric Universal Remote Control) - The remote to control them all. With great power comes great responsibility.

The Cavern Dimension - Adds a use for the portal in Ancient Cities and a spooky new dimension.

Bamboo Combat - Adds Bamboo Combat Items!

Ender IO - TiC -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

Rings of Flight - A mod that introduces two rings that allow you to fly in a balanced way

Window Title Changer - A simple Fabric mod that allows you to customize the text that appears in the title window of Minecraft.

Damage Function - Finally, a damage function for minecraft

FixMyGG - Chat Utilty Mod

StopModReposts Splash-Screen Mod - This mod helps modders to bring attention to players about the StopModReposts campaign.

Ender IO - OC Conduits -  Open Computers integration module for a modular Ender IO installation.

UnderFabric - An Undertale Minecraft mod because I couldn’t find any good ones

Piglib - A mod to help other modders and datapack creators mess with Piglins

Bits Of Bark - Allows fully configurable way of un-stripping log in a vanilla+ style

Background Music Selector - Customize playback of ambient sounds and discs using /music

Better Background - Custom sized backgrounds to replace the dirt!

Lacrimis - The tears that fall from Crying Obsidian are magical

Carpet Without /player - Carpet Mod by gnembon but without the /player command.

CarpetPlusPlus - A carpet extension focused on making more blocks renewable.

Carpet MCT Addition - Random Minecraft features.

Binchants - Adds extra enchantments to the game

Pride Furnaces - All kinds of colorful furnaces

NoJumpscare - Removes the Elder Guardian jumpscare effect.

Fishery - Vanilla+ Fishing Expansion Mod

Vanity Splash Text - Discover your mods through the splash texts!

Colossal Cakes - Ever wanted h u g e cakes? Of course you have!

Runic Railguns - Railguns you can attach runes to.

Unlimited Chisel Works - Procedurally generated Chisel variants for various blocks provided by other mods.

CraftingCraft - Adds an inventory crafting table and a normal portable one.

Smunnel - Bend the rules of physics, compress space.

Cursed Table - Makes EVERY enchantment available on an enchanting table

Minecraft Manhunt Fabric Mod - Adds Minecraft Manhunt functionality, all server-side.

persistent entities - A mod that makes item and mob entity despawn times configurable.

Simple Conveyors - Simply adds conveyors!

Extended Recipes - Adds recipes for uncraftable items.

Global Host - Publish LAN server via Ngrok

UpdateBlockEntity - Fixes a bug that deletes modded block entities.

Cynical Villagers - an alternative to zombifying villagers over and over again

So Many Enchantments [Fabric] - Revised version of the original so many enchantments

Echoes of the Past - A mod that adds an new item craftable using echo shards to Minecraft.

Squirting syringe - Various useful syringes mod.

Memento Mori - Some very opinionated balancing for Requiem.

Replanter - Simple client side Minecraft mod for instantly replanting harvested crops.

Parry This! - Improving Minecraft combat through new mechanics and weapons

Sticky Hopper - Mod allowing hoppers to be sticky!

Roost Ultimate - Roost + Chickens + MoreChickens

Common-Brand - Add a cool brand for the Common-Sense modpack

Interference API - Simple library adding common mixins

Frictionless - Make blocks slippery!

Entangled - Entangled allows you to 'entangle' two blocks together!

Ko-fi Table - A mod to help add supporter bonuses to mods!

F5 Begone - Better F5

Ender IO -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

FOX PLUSHIES!!!!! - adds really cute fox plushies to the game that you can hug :3

ServerMobs API - Server-side mob engine

The Matchmakers - Adds matchsticks, matchbox that should in theory make it slightly more portable and more obtainable than Fire Charges.

Plus- - A pack focused on expanding vanilla mechanics and features.

Darkness in The Bottle - Adds potions and arrows with Darkness effect

Socket Wrench -   A simple and modular api for making powerful multi-tools and universal wrenches.

Title Scrolls - Customizable title scrolls for fabric

MoreLogBlocks - Adds Slabs and Stairs of Log and wood blocks

Plushables - Plushies to decorate your home with 😊

Chex™ Mix Mod - This mod adds a rare Chex™ Mix item that can spawn in various structures in Minecraft

H's Vanilla Patches - A bunch of client sided mods I use.

GrymMC 1.18.2 (Alpha) - Modpack inspired by childhood memories of playing this beautiful game (supposedly anyway)

Diamond Ingots - The harder way to obtain diamonds!

soulbound armory - A reimplementation of old Better Dungeons' "soul" weapons with additions.

Disable Compliance Notification - Disable Compliance Notification for South Korean users.

Swan's Law - Discouraging strip-mining in a new way! Inspired by YUNG's Law

Faithful 32x - The original Minecraft texture feel, with double the resolution and double the fun!

Original Color Catgirl Mod - This is a meme mod about a friend of mine.

Yet Another Optimization Pack (YAOP) - Meet the YAOP on Quilt, optimizing your game once again, but now with QOL mods!

BetterLight - A small mod that improves lighting in Beta, client side

Koremods - A Kotlin Script bytecode manipulation framework

Mushroom Mod - Mod for Modfest Singularity, adds the Painshroom

Don't Starve:Reborn - 1.12.2 unofficial remake version of No Starve To Death Mod.

Fishing Real - Fish up real entities instead of the items! Configurable with Datapacks!

Weird Equipment - Adds some odd but useful equipment to the game

Lil Tater Reloaded - LTR aims to automate a number of tasks that previously would be difficult, boring, or...

Sculk Blocks - Add Sculk Blocks

Sticky Elytra - Makes Elytra KeepInventory

Hopper Speed Simulator - Change hopper transfer speed!

SimpleXP -  Simple storage of XP Made for ModFest: Singularity 2022. May not be maintained

Wither Skeleton Totem - Makes grinding for mob drops more interesting

Woodcutter Compats - A simple mod which adds additional wood types to charm and environmental's woodcutters

Height Halting Heels - Height Halting Heels from your favourite game series, Wormholes!

LibrarianLib - An extensive collection of tools, utilities, and frameworks.

Crafted! - Improved crafting of vanilla items!

Website Mod - Makes a website for a server.

Villager Befriending - Makes it possible to befriend villagers

UI Input Undo (Forge) - A client-side Minecraft mod that allows you to undo and redo text in UI input fields.

GPFlags - Player flags for grief prevention claims

Dimension Update Fixer - Unyeets the Nether and End when a world is loaded without a dimension or is upgraded between Minecraft versions with dimension mods installed

JumpVader - A server-side-only elevator mod for FabricMC using Polymer library

Realistic Combat - A Minecraft mod that aims to make combat more realistic

Auto Ore Dictionary Converter - Automatically converts items to their configured counterparts

Smart Repair Costs - Restricts repair cost increases to actual repairs.

More Doors - A Fabric Mod which adds new Doors & Trapdoors based from existing Vanilla Ores

Terraformed Api Reforged - Port of Terraformermc's Terraform api to forge

Jack o'Golem - Causes golems spawned with Jack o'Lantern's to be possessed.

Better Wandering Trader - A mod that makes the Wandering Trader a little bit more useful. 

Untill - Convert soil and paths back to dirt

Delicious Dishes - Adds in many cool new dishes with special features.

WAIG: Where Am I Going - Fabric mod for Minecraft, adds a minimal RPG-inspired compass HUD to the game.

SpoornLoot - Loot, weapons, tools, armor, swords with random elements for fun

Disco - Modular music disc loader

FarLands - Brings back the Far Lands in 1.7.10.

Sturdy Carts - Prevents 'Minecart with <Thing>' entities from breaking into a Minecart item and a 'Thing' item when broken.

NuclearCraft - A complex nuclear engineering mod for Minecraft!

Glassy - Simple mod adding glass related items

Lanyard - Customizable lanyards for in-game events.

MapRender - [WIP] A serverside mod bringing doom rendering to minecraft!

Defiled Lands - Adds dangerous defiled biomes filled with unique dangers and treasures.

Raw Ores to Blocks - This mod allows the smelting of raw ore blocks to their smelted counterparts

Exponential Power - Late-game generator and storage of exponential amounts of power.

Kommands - Create complex client sided commands easily

Strange Fuels Mod - A practical and adventurous mod centered on "fuels".

This is fine - Look the other way with style.

Mystical Wildlife - Adds imaginary animals to your worlds.

Mining Utility - Utility items & blocks for your mining pleasure!

Enhanced Swords - A mod that allows you to upgrade your swords

KleeSlabs - Break only the half of a double slab that you're looking at.

Addola - A mod that adds vanilla like features to improve your Minecraft Experience.

Friend Code Mod - A Fabric mod which adds an easy way to play in the same world with remote friends!

MolecularCraft - A minechem-like mod for newer version of Minecraft and Fabric Loader

Creative Items - Adds a new creative tab that shows creative items

JMXL - Library bringing some extensions to the model format

Counter Strike: Source Potted Plant - Adds the potted plant from CS:S to your Minecraft world

TechnoTotem - Adds a powerful variant of the totem of undying, because Technoblade never dies.

Better Sculk - Adds 2 new types of Sculk to reward the farming of valuable mobs.

Tinkerer's Statures - Adds 'statures' to origins, allowing players to pick from preset of sizes when creating their character.

War-Hammers - adds warhammer as a new tool/weapon

Soul Vitric - Adds a soul sand varient of glass that is ghast-proof

GVault - Server-side mod adding vaults, ender-chest-style inventories.

Beholder's Variations - Adds variations on vanilla blocks, mostly quartz and sandstone.

BlockFire - Fixes the 1.12 bug of fire arrows lighting you on fire through shields.

MongoAuth - Server side authentication.

Phantom Config - Make phantoms less annoying

Hat command - Hat command for servers 

Into The Void - Clip out of reality in a dark scary place....

Mods in a Jar - Delicious mod cookies

Reach Reducer - Handicap yourself to make fights harder by decreasing your reach distance.

Wasaila - Wasaila (What Agricraft Stats Am I Looking At) adds back Waila support for Agricraft

Automated Cobble Miner - A nice and simple mod that automatically mines blocks at a given position.

MoreRefinedStorage - Continuation of RefinedStorage for 1.12 with focus on performance and new features

Succ™️ - A Minecraft mod about suction cups. Made for Modfest: Singularity.

Coordinate Notes - This mod makes it easy to save your coordinates

Unique Enchants - Ever get bored of Soulbound and Beheading?

Genshin Nature - Enemies, wildlife, plants, structures and more from Genshin Impact, in Minecraft

Terrarium - Adds an Earth-replica world type based on real-world data.

Sub-a-thon - Minecraft but every sub does something to your game

Miner's Helmet - A mod that adds a Helmet with a dynamic light source

Vorpal Enchantment - Are you tired of having to kill hundreds of Wither Skeleton for just a few heads? Well, no more!

Restricted Portals - Require an item to unlock other dimensions

Block Of... - Adds new blocks to the game similar to Dried Kelp Block. Those blocks can be used for decoration, storage, fuel etc. purposes.

SimpleCoreLib - Required library mod for SimpleOres and all the SimpleOres add-ons.

LAN Operators - This mod adds /op and /deop to Open to LAN worlds

Landmines - Landmines adds landmines that can explode, teleport, throw potions, and much more!

Good Gaming Minecraft - Features that should be in vanilla minecraft

No Migration Capes - Removes Migration capes from the game

Recovery+ - A smarter recovery compass with waypoints

Repeat No More -  Make it so that you can't tick a repeater no mo' once it reaches full delay 

Reap Mod - Harvest crops with right clicking

Toggle Sneak & Sprint - Adds buttons to customize Toggle Sneak & Sprint keybinds

Client Side QoL Fabric - A mod that adds client side QoL updates for fabric

Dew - A simple thirst mod

Snowy - Make your Minecraft world a winter wonderland!

StaffDerpsMod - Staff Utility Mod

Sleeping Bags - A sleeping bag that does not set your spawnpoint.

Incorporeal 2 + Rhododendrite - Botania addons for 1.16/Forge. More toys and tools for large-scale corporea networks.

ZetaForged - A mod that does many things.

Music Electronic - This mod adds NCS music to Minecraft!

Plenty Of Armors - Bored of the same old armors? Well you're in the right place! **Plenty of Armors** adds many unique sets and items while maintaining vanilla look and mechanics.

Configurable Recipes - Adds recipes to the items without recipes in Minecraft. Those recipes can be disabled/enabled trough config.

ToggleChat - A Forge mod for 1.8.9 that allows you to toggle various chats with the click of a button 

SquidMilk - Unfixes milkable squids 

More Multi Tools - Shovel, axe, sword, hoe, pickaxe in one tool.

Exploration+ - adds more vanilla style structures to the game

World In A Jar - ever wanted to stuff an entire world in a jar? no? too bad! this mod squeezes entire worlds into jars for your enjoyment. play god or go home.

Lighty - Another Light Overlay Mod

The Cactus Mod - This mod adds uses for Minecrafts Cactus.

UltralightFabric - A HTML renderer for Fabric

Just Enough Crowns - We need crowns not helmets! :)

BedrockJukebox - This mod changes the vanilla java jukebox to work like the bedrock jukebox

Valmata - ModPack that contains of cosmetic & optimized mods for playing on Vanilla/Mini-Game servers, as well singleplayer.

SUSMP Season 3 - Our second official Modpack for forge!

Bubble Render Workaround - Changes bubble behavior to not render under certain conditions

Terrain Mod - New cave biomes. For now.

Sheep Squeak - Plays a squeaky toy sound when punching wooled sheep

Wanderer's Catalogue - Reliable Trading Services.

Slotifier - A slot reservation mod

Sneaky Tree Growing - Sneak to grow Trees!

TeleCreate - A minimal integration between Create and Immersive Portals.

permafrost biome - Ads a biome that is covert with ice, and dangerous magic illagers.

Turtlematic - ComputerCraft addon that makes turtle great again!

Infused Immortality - Totem of undying, but with potions

Eclectic - A handful of small additions with a magical theme

Craft Saddles - Craft saddles, horse armor name tags and leads.

Thommas - Thommas is a fabric mod adding several new features including: ores, villagers, crops, modification of vanilla loot tables and. This mod depends on "Fabric API" as of the world gen update

Allow Chat - Allows you to use §

Fix Keyboard on Linux - This is a simple mod which fixes some annoying bugs related to keyboard on Linux.

Ingstorm - Adds Metroid Prime 2 style passive damage in a highly configurable way.

XYZ - Shows overworld and nether coordinates on the HUD

Broken Name Tags - Adds nametags to remember your fallen pets.

YouTube Chat - Receive live stream chat from YouTube, and display it into the game.

ServerMobs - Crocodiles and more! All serverside.

Bedwars Item Generator - A block that makes items every second just like in bedwars!

Custom Cartesians - View and Customise Critical Ingame Information!

Dihydrogen Monoxide Reloaded - "Improves" the way water works in Minecraft!

Candlestick - Decorative mod for minecraft fabric

Custom Splash Screen (Multiplatform Fork) - Change minecraft's loading screen to your liking! Completely configurable! 

Bow Tie - Use Hjson, YAML, XML and more instead of JSON.

AntiDrop  - Anti items from being drop away!

Twitch4J - Twitch4J packed as a Fabric mod

Cavern Expansion - Cavern Expansion is a Vanilla style mod that expands on the caving experience.

No TNT Griefing - Adds New Anti-Griefing Gamerules for Your Worlds

EarthCrack SMP - A modpack for the EarthCrack modded SMP

Create Jetpack - Upgrade your backtank and utilize the pressurized air to fly

OptiCraft - Optimized Minecraft Fabric Modpack

Right Click Clear - Use Right Click to Clear a text field.

End Stone - Adds End Stone to Minecraft

Infinity on Trident - use infinity on tridents

Block Blocker - Event Prevention for Blocks

Camera Mod - A working Camera in Minecraft!

Crystal Food [Fabric] - Grow your crystals.

Shale's Horde: Crystal Garden - Resource crops with a kobold spin

TwoFA - KeePass for minecraft

Proportions pack  - A fun to explore modpack

FiveOneFourOneEight - Allow changing option values outside the vanilla limit using options.txt

CloseQuartersConcoctions - Lets you smash bottles on other players 

Heart Rings - A simple mod adding heart rings

Daily Dad - Server - A dad joke whenever you log in to a server

Brazier - Beacon-like multiblock structure to prevent mob spawning

Simple Shops - Adds player shops

Apogee - A small reimagining of Apotheosis for Fabric 1.18+.

The Backrooms - The Backrooms but it's in Minecraft

Metal Stairs - Adds new Stairs and Slabs based of existing Vanilla Ores

Witherite (Forge) - Blue Found Inside of The Nether

Interstellar Journeys - A pack about the journeys through the stars

Dimensional Paintings - Teleport between dimensions by jumping into paintings

Cadentis - Increase or decrease Minecraft's Brightness to your heart's content!

Diamond Auction House - Auction House Addon for Diamond Economy

MoreMetals - You guessed it! It adds metals!

Over Enchanted - A simple mod that adds more levels to vanilla enchantments.

The Toast Mod - Adds toast and toast-related things to Minecraft.

Fancy Beds - Changes the texture of the beds to something more fancy and cute!

Jousting - Adds lances and jousting mechanics

Prosperity Server - The server side mods used on the Prosperity server. 

Unbad Redstone - Makes redstone hitboxes full squares instead of annoying tiny hitboxes that are easy to miss

Quick Coordinates Copy - Easily copy your in-game coordinates to share with friends.

DiscordMinecraftFabric - A simple minecraft <--> discord link for fabric

ArmouredAnimals - Allows equipping animals with helmets

Native Decorations - Adds more decoration blocks that fit perfectly into your worlds.

Super Quilt - Supercharge your Minecraft Modded Experience!

OpenBlocks Elevator for Fabric - A fabric port of the OpenBlocks Elevator, updated for 1.18.2 and up

Kanaify Mod - Romaji-to-Kana/Kanji conversion for Fabric 

SwitchableResourcepacks - Allows the changing of server resourcepacks through a command!

Solar Helmet - Every helmet can be solar!

AutoTag - Automatically populates some item, block and other tags (for mod compatibility)

Nature's Minerals - Adds 4 new resource metals, a new alloy, and more!

Recall - Teleport back to your bed!

RIfle Spyglass - Turns spyglass into a rifle

Strider's Grace - Adds a boots enchantment that allows the player to move fast through lava

SmartyGUI - A Minecraft b1.7.3 modification for Fabric that adds a bunch of useful client-side things to the game!

Miner's Lunchbox - Lunchbox, yum | Adds a lunchbox which stores food!

Neomanila - A `Zero Magic` Fabric Modpack w/ Create v0.5 for Minecraft 1.18.2

RaUt2 - Misc utilities for modded worlds

Master Weapons - Tools and weapons into the infinity!

Mod Viewer - Adds a server-side user interface for viewing loaded mods to Minecraft.

QForward - Proxy forwarding for Quilt modded servers.

Tree Hat - Adds wearable tree hats.

Turtle Soup - Turtle soup for the soul

Qwikse - Universal API Loader

Light Block Mod - This mod adds blocks of light from 1.17 to early versions of minecraft

New XEnchant - removes the limitations of the default enchant command

Mod List Maker - Mod list maker and copy for Fabric/Quilt 1.17+.

Leveling Pickaxe - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of mined blocks.

Extra Tooltips - Add Tooltips to items via a config file.

Rotten Flesh to Feather - Turn Rotten Flesh into Feather in the Furnace.

Harms fabulous pack  - Modpack with a focus on performance and quality of life. Aims to always ru on latest version of Minecraft

XP Utilities - Provides items, blocks and liquid XP for manipulating experience

Lightfooted - Adds an enchantment to tread carefully

Fox Pet - Finally! We can have a little fox as a pet in a legal way! 

GeOre - Geode style resource gathering

Simple Magnets - Simple Magnets adds Magnets that pickup items around the player!

Dyetherite - Dyeable Netherite armor

Extra Emoji - Adds emoji blocks

BlossomExperienceBottling - Blossom-series /bottle command and utilities, made during/for ModFest: Singularity

MDECore - Common code for all MattDahEpic mods. Adds helpful commands too.

Forged Carpet - Powerful toolbox with ultimate control for technical mc!

Limoro's modpack - Limoro's Modpack – удобный модпак для простых игроков и контентмейкеров! 

Border Gods - Anything for an inch of blocks

No Report Button - Removes the chat report button from the game menu screen

Better With Minecolonies - simply adds recipes to make Minecolonies on 1.14.4+ more enjoyable. Minecolonies not required!

Recipe Search Buttons - JEI recipe and usage lookups for the blocks or fluids you're looking at.

TelePastries - Pastries that teleport players to other dimensions

libreg - A tiny Kotlin library for registering blocks, items, biomes, dimensions, etc.

Take it Slow - A Fabric/Quilt/Forge mod that disables sprinting and, optionally, swimming

Server Utilities - This mod adds commands, ranks, permissions, economy, and a few other features. It overhauls Minecraft and changes the permissions of commands to allow server owners to set up ranks with certain features and permissions. This also adds color codes into the game and they can be used in ranks, nicknames, and chat.

Save My Bed! - Prevents beds from exploding violently

htmlcsjs' tech mod - GregTech CEu addon mainly dealing in high power and lasers 

BuildCraft Fluxified - buildcraft fluxified

Better Sound Control - Primarily giving modders more sound category availability

Vanilla Cookbook - Adds food in a vanilla friendly way.

Better Horses - Improve the horse breeding algorithm.

Critical Shears - A mod for 1.19 allowing critical-hit shearing to collect more wool

AutoTechno - Fork of autoGG for fabric to pay respect to Technoblade after games. 

This Rocks! (Forge) - Adds little rocks, sticks, pinecones, seashells, starfish, and geysers to your minecraft world to make it feel more natural.

Class Loader Fixer - Fixes the Class Loader in legacy Minecraft

Inventory Pause (Cursed) - Pause your single player game when you open your inventory.

Psi - Psi is a mod about spell programming, inspired by Mahouka

Right Proper GUI Scale - A very well functioning GUI scale mod that doesn't suck.

Gamemodes - Play some strange and fun gamemodes with friends!

NBT Viewer - View the NBT data of items

Better Scaffolding - We provide modular scaffolding and a forklift.

Map Printer (Forge) - Save maps to images (client side) - now on Forge

BineClaims - BineClaims is a chunk protection mod, diplomacy simulator, and minimap made using the Fabric API for 1.16.4+

Mudrock - Elegant library for specific projects of Intelligent Creations

Vanilla+ 1.19.1 - A client-side only pack for vanilla SMP servers

Extended Ingame Hud - adds armor, weapon and statuseffects hud, legacy fabric mod for 1.8.x 

CrashBrander - Small mod which adds your (modpack) branding to crash reports, useful for debugging!

Modular Routers - A flexible mod for moving items, fluids, and energy around the world

knights - Adds five new mobs and a few items.

Guns Without Roses Additions - Compatibility between Guns Without Roses and a bunch of random mods. (still no roses)

Exotic Matter Library - Procedural Modeling Library

Clean Entry List - Removes the box and top and bottom shadows from the Resource Pack menu and other similar menu screens.

Dirty Quilt Hacks - Gives access to a lot of reflective tooling.

Multislab - Enables mixing of multiple slab blocks into one full block

Structurized Reborn - Simple library that helps with the addition of custom village structures

Eggstra | Eggspands egg uses | FORGE & FABRIC - Adds fried eggs, plus other egg-related features

Toggle Elytra - A Fabric mod that adds a key to toggle Elytra flight.

Portable Tables - Adds portable work benches to minecraft!

Voyager v2 - A Custom Origin.

not red dust - enables customization or redstone dust look

Air Strafing Attribute - Turns the air strafing speed of the player into an EntityAttribute

Craftable animals - Unofficial Craftable animals mod for new versions

Gourmet Example - Crunch - Cursed Gourmet example that allows eating glass, picks, etc.

Apron - A compatibility layer to load legacy mods on Fabric.

Dankmemes modded official - The official modpack for the Dankmemescraft server

MethodicalMilking - Adds a cooldown to milking

YMetalLib (Fabric) - **Ingots, Plates, Ores! Adds all about metals**

Telomerase - A tech modpack for TFC+

Slime Mimic - Adds slime mimic mob.

Underground City Engineering - Underground City Engineering UCE

No More Tree Punching - Makes the start of the Minecraft more challenging by adding new items and changing block drops.

Tale of Kingdoms: A new Conquest - The Tale of Kingdoms mod, revived.

Minis - Adds mini player mobs

Souper - Adds Soup to Minecraft

Cooler Shields - Adds 5 new shields to minecraft

MoreItems(Fabric) - This mod adds a lot of items(tools, blocks, etc.) that vanilla doesn't have!

Corrected Mob Heads -  Tweaks the way mob heads look in first and third person view

Disable Player Reporting - Disable the new Player Reporting feature, once and for all!

Bole Handbook - A mod that displays information of creatures and allows you to modify properties of them.

HeatFromFire - Causes blocks that have just been on fire to cause a bit of damage 

[TFB] Anthro Origins - Anthro themed Origins add-on

Unadded Expansion - Simple mod to add more vanilla-like items and tools to minecraft

We no speak Umbrellarino - Adds a holdable umbrella that slows your fall!

AxolotlHats - Lets you put axolotls on your head 

BlossomTpa - Blossom-series /tpa command and utilities

abtools - Paxels, hammers and excavators for modern Minecraft (Fabric)

Sodi-Fine - A modpack that brings most features of optifine into a sodium modpack.

V-Bucks - Adds V-Bucks to Minecraft.

Quests - Add goals for your players

Mazuri - Simple coins mod

Restful Hellscape - Letting you sleep in the dimensions you're not supposed to.

Scary Player - A Minecraft mod that makes it so that villagers will be scared of you while you are wearing or holding "Scary Items".

Dirt Deco - Don't alienate your hobbitzes, aka dirt homes can look nice too!

LandOfSignals (Railroad Signal Mod) - Adds many different railroading signals.

Coins mod - Adds craftable gold coins that you can also trade with villagers.

Death Finder - Death messages with coordinates! Never waste time searching for your items ever again.

Skylark - Generation and utility mod for Fabric sky block games

NoMorePainfulPearls - Makes ender pearls less painful

kajava - this mod allows loading class files in to minecraft

Airtide - use riptide without being in water or lava

Cook your food - This mod makes the food poisoning a serious deal. Eating any kind of raw food will cause poisoning with varying effects.

Foodables - Foodables is a Vanilla Plus-style food mod that shakes up the vanilla food and adds a range of new potential treats.

Alli's Acid Rain - A lightweight mod that gives Minecraft Vanilla's water a deadly and acidic twist.

McAuth - Authenticate yourself in Minecraft and re-validate your session.

Coal Explosion - 💥 Harvesting coal should be dangerous, now it is!

SpaceServe Playtime - A library for all things playtime

Simple Translation - The Item Name Translation MOD

Advanced Debug - Is your default F3 screen not enough? We got you!

eeeeeeeeee - Turns all localed text into `eeeee`.

uku's pvp modpack - small but efficient pvp modpack

FabriHUD - A simple, customizable Fabric HUD

Elemental Amulets - Adds amulets that give various buffs and much more!

Schnabelborg's Schnabelheads - Schnabel-Miniblocks to complete your builds

Always Show Debug Info - Simple mod that allows you to view the F3 info disabled by the reducedDebugInfo gamerule (coords, light level, etc.)

CubeController - A library for a fine control over the game

Music Player - Plays the Minecraft music disks

SplashAnimation - Play an animation at the very start of the game's loading.

Toggle Sprint Display - Adds a HUD element that shows whether you're sprinting.

BlueMap Custom Skin Server - BlueMap addon that allow to use custom skin server

McJtyLib - This is a companion mod required by almost all mods from McJty and romelo333

Show Yourself - See players' hidden nicknames.

The End Client - A "client" for playing vanilla

Camo Creepers - Creepers that blend in more with the environment

Huge Structure Blocks - Structure blocks. But bigger. Up to 512 blocks!

Recipe Book Mass Craft - Adds the ability to use the built in recipe book for selecting mass crafting recipes in ItemScroller

Combat Enchantments - Adds some new combat focused enchantments

Backhand - A backport of vanilla Minecraft's offhand for 1.7.10

Sod - Adds full, slab and carpet-like sods for all grass variations.

SimpleBlockRegen - For automatic mining areas, Prison or any other type of use you want to give it.

TheMCBrothers Interior Mod - A mod that adds some furniture

[Discontinued] Pride Year - This mod is discontinued.

UnlimitedPeripheralWorks - Peripheral mod, that provides a lot extra features without any block and item!

mobgrief - changes some annoying monster griefing behaviours

 Server Tab Info - A client and/or server mod that gives nice a way to view the mean tick time and ticks per second (TPS) of the game

Quiltech - Quiltech is an experimental technology & magic modpack for Minecraft 1.18.2

Don't Mine It - Prevents breaking of specific blocks.

VilleMatica - Adds Custom Villages, Mobs, Items, and Really Anything Necessary for Vanilla!

SwagerSMP - A vanilla-light modpack

HungryPigs - Causes pigs to eat food items on the floor

AltLore - A tool for modpack authors or devs to add special lore to items when a key is held

The Warp Mod - Fabric - The WarpMod allows the creation of and travel to various warps locations.

Ethan's Vanilla Tweaks - Spice up your vanilla world with Ethan's Vanilla Tweaks!

Primeval - Primeval completely overhauls Minecraft's usual gameplay systems to create a rustic, "realistic" game progression.

Mystical Index - A vanilla /magic style storage mod using books as storage.

AlphaSkins - Enables transparency rendering on skins again

RFTL - Rotten Flesh To Leather - A Fabric Mod to turn Rotten Flesh to leather.

Scarpet additions - Adds some new functions to the scarpet language

Eat everything - Makes all items eatable

Measurements - Allows measuring distance using a tape measure.

Fresh Air - Changing the way you play Minecraft in third person with a set of useful tweaks.

Classic Creepers - Makes Creepers explode on death and attack like zombies like they did in the survival test versions.

BushyLeaves - Small mod for Beta 1.7.3 (STAPI) that will make leaves bushy

CobbleOre Generator - Makes cobblestone generators generate ores

Every Random Thing You'll Find - A mod that adds new tool/armor tiers with a twist of obtaining the Items

Quicksnad - Addon for Quicksand with strange growth powers!

MMJ2020 - Adventures in a Snowglobe - Little snowglobe worlds you can run around in.

Gamerulify - A server-side that adds plenty of game rules for on the fly server configuration

Deltarune Origins - Three heroes appear at worlds' edge. A human, A monster, and a prince from the dark. Can these three heroes tackle the overworld together? 

Frost Boater - Makes frost walker on boots work while boating.

BlossomHomes - Blossom-series /home command and utilities

Parachute - A kitchen sink mod with various QoL features and tweaks.

Limitless Options - Remove the options limit that Mojang added in 1.19

Disable Enchanting Table - This mod disables the enchanting table

Expanded Iron Bundles - Bundles with more storage space, and new functionalities in the future.

AE2 Additional Opportunity - Get to know AE2 in a new way!

Last slot - Makes max slot "fake" to make cool effect that on the server is last slot only for you!

The Ghast Cow - Adds a Ghast Cow mini-boss

Blåhaj - Reforged - Soft toy, shark mod, 16px.

More Brewable Potions - Adds potions (and tipped arrow) items for the potion effects.

SuperFancyClouds - A mod that does some fun stuff to clouds to make them a bit less plain

BuffedSculkCatalysts - This mod revert changes from 1.19.1 pre-6 and make Sculk Catalysts drop 20 XP instead of 5

Pipez - Simple and efficient pipes

Pelmen [Fabric] - Mod adds Russian pelmens

Server Ping - Spoof the player list and count of your server

wiangdtbisadtn - Wait I Am Not Gonna Do This But I Somehow Accidentally Did This Nooooooooooooooooooooooo

VariableKnockback - Changes how far mobs are knocked back after being hit based on their size

The Mines - A caves exploration mod

Sushi Mod - make sushis and sashimis

CookieCore - Library for ephys' mods

Custom Selection Box - Change appearance of the box highlighting the block you're looking at

Kinetic Anti-Cheat - Protect your modded server from cheaters. KAC helps block Xray, Pokeradar/Pixelradar and more

Special Armors and Tools + Horse Armors  - bone, emerald, blaze, ender and obsidian armor and tools, now with horse armors

Coda - A client-side fabric Minecraft modification to assist the player in their survival journey.

Survival Mode - Enables the survival game mode on Classic 0.30.

FrameXAct - Prevents your computer from having an aneurysm

The Offhand Mod - My interpretation of how the offhand should exist in minecraft.

Craftable Nametags - Adds a crafting recipe for nametags!

ChatTriggers - A framework for Minecraft Forge that allows for client modifications to be scripted in JavaScript

GravityControl - Enable sand duping on your Paper server. Liberate your server from the anti-dupe bourgeoisie! 

Chest Games - Server-side games in a chest GUI

Proxy Protocol Support - Proxy Protocol support for Fabric servers

Potion Rings - REFORGED [FORGE] - A 1.16.5, 1.18.2, 1.19 port of the Potion Fingers Mod by Vazkii

Server Side Tetris - Tetris on the server

Enhanced - The vanilla experience, enhanced.

Status Crops - Farm Status Effect Crops with Genetics™

Quick Test World - Adds a new world type "testworld" for quickly making test worlds

Villager Artifacts - Mess with villagers and spawn two new mobs

Player Hopper - A hopper that pulls items from a player's inventory

Fallen Doors - A mod that breaks the idea of doors in Minecraft! After all, they can now...

Keepers of the Stones - Keepers of the Stones is a magic mod that will add magic stones to the game with which you can become a master of one of the elements. 

Instrumental Mobs - Giving instruments to Minecraft mobs since 2018

Utility Belt - Free your hotbar.

Baking Mod - make pizzas, more pies, cookies and candy!

Liquid Blocks - Adding liquid versions of blocks allowing you to fill areas.

the abominable collection - A vanilla-compatible 1.19.2 modpack intended for use on the Abominable SMP

Classy Creepers - A mod that makes every creeper much more classy.

Axolotl Fixes - Fixes bugs related to the axolotl which was introduced in 20w51a

PinLib - A lightweight minecraft library to add map icons and markers for fabric mod loader.

Better Mods Button - Your mods button, your way. Where you want it, and how you want it!

Complete Bone Meal - Make Bone Meal applicable to *all* growables!

mindshaft - a particular kind of minimap

 Fire arrows ignite fire - A fire arrow can set a block on fire

No Mob Farms - A mod that hampers mob farms

Wooly Trees - Trees that grow wool

Decentralized Auth - Securely manage registered Minecraft or Minecraft-compatible client connections without a connection to Mojang or Microsoft. Own your infrastructure.

 Another Liquid Milk - Another mod to add placeable milk.

More Beautiful Plates - 200+ Pressure Plates based on Vanilla Blocks.

Improved Vanilla - adds small new features to Minecraft Vanilla like easy farming / easy crop planting / mineable spawners / ...

 Random Serverside Blocks - This mod adds some serverside blocks using polymer

Harvester's Night - An early game boss fight. Kill the Harvester when he shows through the night.

Atlantis - This mod adds an ocean dimension to Minecraft with colored seashell, translucent colored pearls, shipwreck with treasure chest full of gold and aquamarine ore, and more.

Forever A Child - Allows you to prevent ageable mobs from reaching adulthood

Zombie Jerky - Turn rotten zombie flesh into purified beef jerky with a smoker!

Ventur Origin - A cute green-furred addon for origins mod

Durability Speed - Mod that makes tool effectiveness scale with durability.

Buket - Remove any fluid without having to worry with the storage.

Extended Slabs + - This mod adds a vertical slab variant for each slab in Vanilla Minecraft and some select mods.

BedGoBoom - Bed go boom in overworld too.

Nekoration - A Decoration Mod for Minecraft

Leveling Sword - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of killed mobs.

The Five Nights at Freddy's Mod - Bring the terrors from The Five Nights at Freddy's Universe into Minecraft

Mob Slabs - Adds a slab that reduces any entity to 1 health (half a heart)

Dangerous Gunpowder Fabric - Ever placed gunpowder in a furnance and were disappointed it didn't explode? Do I have a mod for you! 

HAS Client Pack - This is a client side modpack with optimisations and QOL additions designed for playing Hunters Among Speedrunners.

Better Small Dripleaf - Small Dripleaf is plantable on any surface Big Dripleaf can be, and drops itself when destroyed or bonemealed, like tall flowers

DontStarve3(DT3) - More accessible food

Dude, What's My GePeUWU? - prints your gpu to the log and displays it on the top left of the title screen.

Ores Plus! - Ores Plus aims to expand the underground, adding brand new ores and structures

F.S. Co. Banira Pack - Modrinth leggo, Fabric 1.19 pack of client side qol mods

Goat Horn Noise Mod - Make the goat horn noise play to everyone online

Always Drop Loot - Make mobs always drop exp and loot, regardless of cause of death.

Telepass - Allowing players to teleport to each other. 

Unrestricted Textures - Allows the use of non-Mojang skins and capes.

Stones of Eternity (Cheesy's Mod) - Adds a way to make items indestructible

Localized Chat - because you hate global chat, or don't want to hear what the neighbors are saying.

Keybinds Plus - A small mod that allows you to configure keybinds for common actions

NoTotem - Removes the totem popup when you use it

BlossomBack - Blossom-series /back command and utilities

Ageing Mobs - This mod allows mobs to age and transform

It's Been Fixed - Fixes some things that seem broken in Minecraft

Localized Browser - Let's you search stuff in Minecraft without caring about some graphemes

Subterranean Waters - Port of Underground Ocean to Forge 1.12.2 and up

Noradrenaline - A minimally intrusive QOL modpack based on Adrenaline.

Nice to Have - A mod adding stuff that's hopefully nice to have.

RPG Equipment Durability - Provide durability display for certain RPG plugins

Who are you? - This mod shows your and other players nickname

No Angy Fwom Looky Wooky UwU - Adds a tag which makes endermen not angy when you looky wooky at dem

Eternalcraft Vanilla - Client mod pack for the eternalcraft vanilla server

Load My F***ing Tags - Fixes some issues with Invaild entries within Tags during load

ItemNBT - A Fabric mod development library for handling item NBTs in a smart way.

Echo+ - Adds more uses to echo shards

Rotation Locker - Locks the rotation of block placement to make building easier

Kings World - A Discord to Minecraft bridge for Kings MC

Assorted World - An assortment of various things than can generate in your world.

Electrostatic Tinker's Toys - Powered Tinker's Tools for the OP's

Potion Fingers: Break The Barrier Edition - Adds simple bauble rings with potion effects. Now with better code and less dependencies!

Leveling Axe - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of mined blocks.

TIS-3D - Low-tech computing for Minecraft

Hals Exploration Mod - Steampunk Tech Dimension Vehicle Mod

RedPower 2 Core - Power your world, comrade!

Time Control - Want longer or shorter in-game days/nights? So did I.

LadderWarp - Instantly warp up and down climbable blocks with just a right-click.

m-tweaks - A mod providing various tweaks & features

Benched - Benched adds unique Picnic Benches!

Vanilla Scoop - A modpack, with an extra scoop of visual and quality of life goodness.

Hellish Materials - Strange substances from the burning depths

 Pathing The Way - Allows you to change blocks using tools

Distorted Discs - Adds 40+ new records that can be found throughout your world. Vanilla Style. Music by BBoldt.

Cash Ores - This mod adds money ore to Minecraft

Dyeable Netherite - Adds new coloured netherite sets

Hats & Cosmetics - Wearable and fashionable Cosmetics!

Wandering Bag - 🦙 A new loot for the Wandering Trader, a lootbag !

Matter Overdrive: Community Edition - A mod that dwells within matter and energy.

NormalASM - Rebranded optimization mod for 1.12.2.

Daggers - Makes your swords shorter for better visibility.

MythicBotany - Dive deeper into the world of botania

bdlib - This is a collection of generic code used by my other mods.

Shaved Steve - The new Steve skin decided to shave 

Rusty Iron - DEPRECIATED, FEATURES MOVED TO IMMERSIVE WEATHERING

Apathetic Mobs Reborn - Makes all hostile mobs neutral/passive.

Sun and Moon Celestial Configuration - Change the size of the Sun and Moon!

Creeper Multidrop - Allows a single charged creeper to drop multiple heads, also allows normal creepers to have a 10% chance of dropping heads.

Walkways - Adds moving (and static) walkways

Simple BBQ - Relaxing and Enjoyable Barbecue.

Armed Armor Stands - A simple plugin that adds arms to armor stands upon right click while holding sticks

Bonus XP - Add enchantment Bonus XP

Origins: Accessibilities - A addon for the Origins mod, making your Origins life easier

Simple Calculator - adds an in-game command to calculate math expressions

Recolorable world border - Adds options for reasourcepacks to change the color of the world border

YAMP - Yet Another Modpack (Quilt 1.18.2 kitchen sink)

Lifesteal - A mod where killing other players steals their hearts.

Dark Caverns - A dark dimension hidden below bedrock

LuaDatapack - Run lua scripts in datapacks

MapForce - Map generation utilities for modpack makers

Myriad Bows - A Myriad enchantment for bows that consumes arrows depending on your luck

Spelled - Cast spells using the power of words

Packy - Backpacks that let you access your ender chest, anywhere.

Integrated REST - Expose Integrated Dynamics networks as a REST API

RainBeThunder - Turns Rain into a Thunderstorm!

The Deep Dark Void - Adding New Features To The End

Spatial Harvesters [Forge] - Adds harvesters that gather resources from space-time itself!

Sizable Slimes - Slimes are a nuisance. Even more so with this mod!

Agecraft - Agecraft is a mod that adds history & mining related stuff!

Scarecrows' Territory - Scarecrows' Territory keeps spawners activated!

Nether's Exoticism - 🥭 New exotic fruits, potion and effect for the Nether !

Optimised for Rats - Optimised pack focusing on QoL and performance, designed for rats

Let It Grow - Lets cactus and sugar cane grow higher

Meme In A Bottle - Memes + Throwable bottles = Fun

DriveBackupV2 - DriveBackupV2 is a plugin that aims to provide an extra layer of security to your data by backing it up remotely.

Hexaplex - A colorblindness correction mod for Minecraft.

PvPSaill Mod - c'est le mod que utilise le serveur pvpsaill (ne pas encore sortie le serveur)

Moon Phase Info - Displays info about the current phase of the moon in-game.

SaLIR (Server List Image Randomizer) - This mod randomizes the server's favicon

Croparia - This mod adds new items and blocks to cultive resources

Renderer - An easy to use library for rendering stuff

Rally Health - Adding Bloodborne's Rally system to Minecraft.

Just More Cakes - A simple mod that adds 30+ new cakes to Minecraft

MAGE - Mildly Advanced Graphical Enhancements - Extending the graphical customizability of the game.

Skinned Carts - Adds Minecarts in various skins

More Cauldrons - A mod that adds more cauldrons

I Need Mangrove Swamp - Added Mangrove Swamp and 1.19 Features to 1.16.5.

Movement Plus - Double Jumps, Coyote Time and more!

con-craft way life of game mine - Implements Conway's game of life in minecraft blocks

DeeperCaves - DeeperCaves mod

ImcGUI - ImGUI but minecraft

Hyper Lighting [Fabric/Quilt] - Advanced Lighting for Minecraft

Additional Redstone - additional redstone mechanics like logic gates and more

Fossil Mod - adds fossil blocks that drop bones

Around The World - A mod allowing players to travel to specific biomes

Defaulted Drops - Blocks with no loottables will drop themselves. Mods must opt-in for their blocks to be effected.

FogYeet - Small mod for 1.15 to remove fog

Real Time Mod - A Minecraft Mod that sync Minecraft world time to real world time.

InventoryNeko - Mascots in your inventory!

Simply Cotton - Adds cotton to your world

Humans - Adds a mob inspired by the Classic Human!

SpaceServe Config - Simple, Kotlin centric, config api

Legacy Extended Hotbar - A port of Extended Hotbar to 1.8.9

Totally Lit - Candles - Candles can extinguish under various conditions.

BetterFarmland - Meant to improve your experience with your farmland

FabricSQLWhitelister - Overrides vanilla whitelist.json with a MySQL database.

Fponge - The Lava Sponge - The mighty Fponge: a sponge for lava!

JSON to Brigadier Minecraft - Converts JSON files into Brigadier commands

SpoornPacks - API Library for automagically generating Resource files and injecting them as a Resource Pack

ColouredBundles - Adds Dye-able bundles.

The Hallownest Expansion - A mod for Minecraft that adds items and features from the popular indie game by Team Cherry, Hollow Knight!

Illegal Building - Some cursed Minecraft additions

Skilled Enchanting - Overhauls the vanilla Enchanting system with a new Enchanter block.

Gourmet - Library mod that can make any item edible.

BM Cosmetic Hats Fix - this mod fixes a little incompatibility between Biome Makeover and Cosmetic Armor

Lightly Woven - A mostly vanilla pack designed to be cross compatible with the Rasa Novum 1.19 server, and most vanilla servers.

No More Bleeding Sheep - Stops Evokers from turning blue sheep into red sheep

Burninator - make blocks HOT!

Incombustium - Have you ever lost your items in a tragic accident? I have a solution!

WaoTweaks - Changes I would make to Minecraft

Bloodshed (Fabric) - Adds Jetstream Sam's sword from Metal Gear Rising with unqiue effects and abilites.

Slime Golems - Adds new golems to the game made out of slime

Cake World - A cake can have layers and so can the Overworld

simpleportals reloaded - travel from one portal to another even trough dimensions

Quilt Deathswap - Deathswap mod for Quilt

Numismacraft: The Coin Mod - A mod all about collecting coins! And nothing else!

Diamond Glass - Glass with the attributes of bedrock.

Rcon Output Newline - Fixes rcon output by appending a newline.

Ori's Client Pronouns - A client-side mod to exchange pronouns with other players.

Neutral Mobs - Makes every agressives mobs neutral.

Thigh Highs Mod - Adds 9 different craftable Thigh High types to the game!

Block Swap - A simple mod to replace a given block with another.

Cobble Gen Haters - Water and Lava go hand in hand. No more pesky cobble/stone generation.

ne0hud - A minimalistic Head-Up Display (HUD)

Auto Feeder Helmet - Upgrade all your loved helmets, so they feed you while you do nothing

Grisha [Minecraft Mod] - This mod brings the magic system of the Shadow and Bone Netflix series, and the books it is inspired by, into Minecraft.

Markdown Manual - Library mod for creating in-game manuals.

Slimy Stuff - 🧶 Adds several new utilities to slime, jelly, armor with sticky abilities, weapons...

Shirei -  Adds creative-only commands that work without administrator privileges.

MissionNotPossible - A crazy mod that makes Minecaft basically impossible to play 

All You Can Eat - Food Mod

Idk - This is `Idk` a mod that brings some changes to `CreativeInventoryScreen`

Garden of Glass - The skyblock addon for Botania

DefaultSpawnPoints - A server-side mod that allows setting player's default spawn points individually

Fast Redstone Utilities - Small mod adding three new zero-tick redstone components!

Text Builders - Text builders are files in data packs that can build strings for use in text components.

Kineticless: Bonk-B-Gone - Adds a hat curio that removes elytra wall damage

Ham n' Cheese - Adds tasty ham n' cheese items

Nirvana - Better Vanilla - A modpack that improves gameplay on vanilla SMP servers.

No More Magic Milk - Enables making milk less overpowered

BoredCommands - Server and client commands with LuckPerms integration

Lava Furnace - Fuel a furnace by placing it on lava.

Greeny Grass - Adjust grass and foliage colors to be more greenier.

Enderman Sound Adjuster - A Minecraft Fabric mod that separates enderman sounds into another slider, allowing their volume to be changed independently.

Kreezxil's Compressed Blocks - When there are too many blocks to store in a chest, compress them!

Simple Hearts - A minecraft mod that adds survival friendly extra health into the game. 

Fixed Glow Squids - I fixed the glow squids by removing the glow squids.

Baby Powder -  Adds baby powder to stop babies from turning into adults.

Better Chainmail - Makes chainmail armour not useless.

BrandBlock - Block certain client brands from joining your server

MiniGames N ParkourBlocks+ - This mod adds additional blocks for parkour and minigames.

Advanced Chromakey - This mod adds 16 blocks of Chromakey to Minecraft

Tool Rods - Get some rods on those tools!

Mining Cool Down Fix [Forge] - Removes Minecraft's minimum delay between breaking blocks

Minestruct - Minestruct is a mod that adds variety of new blocks for building!

Terrestria Reforged - Port of Terrestria to forge.

Better Impaling Forge - Make the impaling enchantment works like the way in Bedrock Edition.

Fertilization - Adds additional variants of bone meal for all your fertilization needs.

Custom Armor Bar - Fork of Overloaded Armor Bar for 1.7.10

Deeper And Darker - A Minecraft 1.19 mod which features more blocks, items, armors, and hidden mysteries to complement the new Deep Dark biome.

Cloud Blocks - Adds various cloud blocks and solid cloud structures

Simply Soul Cages - A Forge Mod that improves Spawners in a Vanilla Friendly Way.

UsableDragonsBreath - Lets you empty out bottles of dragons breath on the floor

Mysterious Mountain Lib - Library for MMF-Group's mod.

Subtly Glowing Ores - Adds a glowing colored outline to the ores! Works with most resource packs!

Crescent - More progression bc vanilla didn't have enough 

Durability Tooltip - A simple fabric mod that show a durability bar in tooltips for tools.

Hermitcraft Brasil modpack - This is the Hermitcraft Brasil SMP modpack. / Este é o Modpack do SMP Hermitcraft Brasil.

Custom Damage Particles - Stripped version of ToroHealth Damage Indicators for 1.7.10

Disconnect Keybind - Bind yourself a disconnect button!

Censura - Advanced censorship plugin for minecraft servers

Hide Arrows - A mod to hide arrows once they've hit entities.

 Server Friendly Looting - Adds more server friendly ways of getting loot

Assassin's Faith - Assassin's Creed in Minecraft! | ALPHA

Chocolate Minecraft - A Minecraft Modpack that adds new and cut functionality while still making the game feel Vanilla.

Mob Gems - Mob Gems is all about capturing mobs in diamonds to harness their powers!

Alchemycraft - Zed's Alchemy in Minecraft

Snorkel Mod - breath under 3 blocks of water

Custom Login - Use unofficial Yggdrasil login provided by some servers.

BalancedClay - Makes clay balanced. (adds recipes to turn clay into any item)

Chronos' Clock - Time at the palm of your hand!

RefreshResource - server-side mod that send resourcepack to players on the fly

Terracart Reloaded - Terraria Cart in Minecraft, Right click track and have fun!

 Quick Player Trade - A server-side mod offering a simple way to give and receive items between players : by right clicking on them!

Toycraft - Various plushies and toys from different games.

Lost Cities for ModPack - Added new generation with others mods.

PAUCAL - Petrak@'s Assorted, Useful Collection of Assistance Library.

Burn in the Sun - Make any entity burn in the sun! Including players.

A Very Bad Modpack - Lightweight kitchen-sink modpack, focused on Create

ActionHunger - A 'Hunger Overhaul' inspired take on the health and food systems of Minecraft for Fabric.

Netherite Nuggets - Because repairing with Netherite Ingots is too expensive!

RedPower 2 Logic - The Logic module of RedPower 2

ArthCore - A plugin providing essential features such as: Daily Restarts; /transfer for bedrock players; /sell command 

RecipeDisabler - A simple recipe disabler using a simple config file to avoid complex KubeJS or CraftTweaker script

BeamPass - A mod that will let beacon beam pass through some blocks like the lodestone! 

Netherrocks - SimpleOres add-on: adds 6 new unique ores to the Nether, and a special furnace.

Energized Redstone - Harness the power of lightning to extend the length of Redstone!

IPAuth - Per user IP address based authorization.

RedPower 2 Wiring - The Wiring module of RedPower 2

SquidCraft - This mod add squid related food and other things.

Craft This From That - All The Items You Could Have Ever Not Wanted!

The Big Bench Theory - Continued - This mod adds crafting tables of the size 1x1, 5x5, 7x7, and 9x9.

Miner's Minerals - Adds 50+ Metals and Gems and much more

Fabricbridge - Matterbridge support for the Minecraft client.

BetterMessages - Better messages for your server, join/leave messages, world change messages and more!

the snacpac - Official modpack for the It's Better Together Server

The Below Bedrock Caves - A MC Fabric mod that adds a mining dimension.

MomentariyModder'Applications | ONLY FORGE - Core for Momentariy mods on versions 1.17.1

BridgingMetronome - Helps you find the right rythm for fastbridging

Door Knocker (Forge) - A simple mod that adds the ability to knock on doors and trapdoors.

Seeds - 🌎Adds waste management and gadgets of all kinds

Light Meals - Add numerous foods within the vanilla system.

Tool Smithing Upgrades - A small mod to allow generating lots of Smithing recipes between different materials

Create Slice & Dice - Making automation for Farmers Delight more sensible

Teleportation Potions - A mod that adds recall potions inspired by Terraria to Minecraft

Vanilla Complement - Mod that adds small abstract features to Minecraft.

Emerald Tier - Adds emerald tools, weapons, and armor balanced around the vanilla experience.

Better Keepinventory - Makes it so that you only drop loot when keepinventory is on if players kill you

Zoomify Classic - Zoomify, but on Minecraft Classic

Essence - A light Minecraft fabric modpack that combines several simple mods together to enhance the vanilla game's experience without changing it

Minecraft X - Minecraft but Better

Beloved Keybindings - Setups your favorite Keybindings for you :D

Status Changer - Changes the server's MOTD and icon at a fixed rate

PJUtils - Mod that lets you copy stuff.

Chainmail Recipe (FABRIC) - A very small mod that adds a recipe for Chainmail armor using chains.

AutoThanks - A mod that automatically replies to Good Luck messages!

Passive Chunk Pregenerator - This mod generates chunks passively around players, offline or online, and the worldspawn to generate chunks that will most likely be needed in the near future.

Passive Charms - Golden disks imbued with magic to support and protect the holder.

Padoru - Adds Nero Claudius (Padoru) to Minecraft 

Cinderscapes Reforged - Port of Cinderscapes to forge

MiscPack - A Modpack with some random Mods.

Backstep - A fabric mod that adds pigstep to minecraft 1.15.2

Flood - A mod that allows rain to replenish flowing water into a source

Show My Hunger - Shows the players hunger bar when in a boat or minecart. (1.6 - 1.10.2)

Cryptic Cosmos - A Minecraft mod full of horrors and wonders from near and far

Datapack Extensions - Provides new tools for creating datapacks

Paimon Food:Reborn - 1.12.2 unofficial remake version of PaiMonFood.

Vanitech - This modpack includes mods for a technical player and for optimization

QFAPI and QSL - Biomefix - 1.18.2 - Patched QFAPI to add support for mods like BetterEnd/BetterNether on 1.18.2

LavaSponge [Fabric] - A Sponge that removes Lava.

Don't Stub Your Toe! - Fabric Port - A mod that enables auto jump when sprinting, even when it is disabled.

SWUTM's Extra Dungeons - Add Extra Dungeons, New Structeres, More Spawner, BigDungeons 

Glintless Books (Fabric) - Removes the enchantment glint effect from Enchanted Books!

Illegal Stack Fixer - Resets stack count to maximum stack size

Hopper - Adds hoppers to Minecraft!

Icon Exporter - Exports item and block icons to files

A Watched Pot - A watched pot never boils. A watched furnace never... ticks?

CCTech - More storage types for ComputerCraft:Tweaked

Potion Swords - Enchantments for weapons that give the target a negative status effect.

Hydration - Adds a new water bar like hunger!

It's Lit Fam - A mod that makes entities render full-bright and makes nearby entities glow

Enderdragon Elytra - This mod makes the ender dragon drop an elytra.

Death Locator - 'Death Locator' is a fully-clientside Minecraft mod with the intent of nothing more than providing the coordinates of your previous death.

ROTLC - This mod changes Open To LAN open cheats button.

Yummy Quilt Hacks - A series of yummy 😋 hacks and utilities for covering legitimate usecases in immoral ways

Achoo - Makes creepers sneeze instead of blowing up

SpeechToSpell - Do magic with your voice

TrinkPlus - Adds extra trinkets to Trinkets and Baubles

SnapStone - Use redstone with a snap of your fingers.

SpongeBob Squarepants Reload | ONLY FORGE - Spongebob Squarepants Reload mod adds Spongebob to minecraft, as well as many different things and mobs related to the cartoon SpongeBob SquarePants. 

Colorstone - This mod allows resource packs to modify the colors of redstone in a text file.

Burnt Toast - Burns and disables all toasts

Lava Dynamics - in world smelting, and dynamically created volcanoes.

Custom Health Bar - Fork of Colorful Health Bar for 1.7.10

Volatile Blaze Powder - An alternative to Dragon's Breath for Lingering Potions

Item Wallet - Mod for counting your given currency items.

Bag Of Holding - Fancy storage for fancy folks.

TESP - A Immersive Vehicles Pack/Mod that adds mostly road signs

Colored Flames Redux - Ported to 1.16, the old Colored Flames is back!

Mekanism 1.7.10 Community Edition - Mekanism with open source patches

BlossomWarps - Blossom-series /warp command and utilities

Bowsword (Fabric) - Switchable Bow & Sword

Chicken / Dino Nuggets - Ever wanted Chicken Nuggets & Dino Nuggets in Minecraft if so this is the mod for you!

Craftable Enchantments - Adds a fun and intuitive way to craft enchantments to the game through the use of Enchantment Fragments and Enchantment Crafting Tables

No Chat Reports - This modpack (by jjws600) simply uses fabric and mods to remove the 1.19+ chat reporting features.

Lucium - Fixes and utilities originating in Yttr.

CarpetGamerules - An extension for gnembon's Carpet Mod that adds all vanilla gamerules to the carpet settings

Preston - Compressed block mod.

Wooden Furnace - A wooden furnace mod.

Enderism - End and Endgame Expansion and Tweaks mod

Torch Action - Place torches by keybind

Server Blacklist - Blocks Minecraft servers that are potentially unwanted, malicious, or pay-to-win. Uses https://github.com/OxideMC/malicious-server-blacklist

Oh No! Another TNT Mod! - A TNT mod adding to the oversaturated, pee filled pool of TNT mods.

NoHunger - Removes hunger and replaces eating to heal you

DCDServBack - DCDServback or in other words, Decrafted Server Backpacks is an updated fork of Servback by Octal-makes-code for 1.19 which adds server-sided backpacks, intended to be used for vanilla servers or servers utilizing PolyMC.

First Step - New to Modrinth? Start here with simply the optimizations, no need to tinker with messy configs.

Health Command - allows you to modifiy the health of entities with a command

Essence - A mod about essences which can be used to make mob drops and more!

Coupons - Adds coupons for various interactions.

Schwarz - Profiler for fabric server

Destroy On Death - Destroy all items in inventory when player dies

1.19.84 Survival Pack - Everything you need to survive the 1.19.84 update.

Dried Nether Wart - Potentially Poisonous!

Spreading Moss - Moss now spreads!

Hardcore Wither - The Wither's difficulty adapts to the players

Mob Fight Utils - Makes mobs want to fight more.

Creeper Firework - Creepers explode into firework.

Compass Plus - A fancy HUD for your compass.

Colorful Campfire Smoke - Colorful Campfire Smoke

ForgeAutoShutdown 1.12.2 - Stop your server at a certain time, after a certain amount of uptime, or upon user vote

Log Cabin + - Build the Cabin of your dreams!

Optimizedd - A client-side modpack with a lot of optmizations and tweaks.

Displacer - Something in-between a vacuum hopper and a hopper duct

RedPower 2 World - The World module of RedPower 2

SimpleOres2 - A small mod that adds 5 unique and balanced ores.

Good Ol' Peppers - Killer foods to spice up the early and late game. Starring Ainsley Harriot.

Fanta - Adds Fanta To minecraft

Mendable Anvils (Forge) - A mod that allows players to fix their anvils by shift + right-clicking an anvil with an iron ingot

Fire - Fire is a very simple utility mod that will send coordinates in chat when you fall into lava so that you can log out and have somebody save your stuff.

Cooked carrots - Just like normal carrots, but you eat them faster

Cut And Colored - A mod that aims to add vanilla feeling blocks to Minecraft

Cape Cacher - Allows you to get notified when accounts with capes are in your loaded chunks.

Vanilla Sharp - An technical modpack designed with vanilla in mind.

Sonic Deflect - Adds an enchantment that allows you to deflect the Warden's sonic beam to deal damage to other entities

Useful Interior - Another furniture mod

Drop the Meat  - Adds meat for neutral and passive mobs

GregTech Food Option (GTFO) - A GTCEu add-on adding chains for food items.

Legendary Roleplayzz 2 - Roleplay Project

Extra-Ons 2 - A port/remake of the original 1.12.2 Extra-Ons

Predench - Re-roll and predict current enchantments 

Maze World - Generates a bedrock maze in your normal minecraft world. An interesting twist to the normal gameplay.

Pigeon Post - Pigeon Post is a minecraft mod that adds Pigeons and Birdhouses to minecraft.

Homing Ender Eye - Once an Eye of Ender breaks, it will soon appear on Ender Portal Frame.

Technoblade Related - Technoblade related mods

Better Controls - New options & keybindings for sprinting, sneaking, and flying.

JSST - Vanilla-compatible portable crafting table.

NoodleCraft -  A Minecraft modpack for 1.19 based around exploration, long-term development, and custom content. 

Data Overhaul - It's finally time.

Unified - Converts items in specified tags into a specified item. 

Trashed - A mod dedicated to Trash Can's

Keys4Macros - A mod to execute macros command with a key

Miniature Power Plant - Generating energy, the simple way

Tinted Glass Panes - Adds tinted glass panes to Minecraft.

fierimod - the gui fieri biome, mob, and a few fieri related items

Pebble Generation - This mod add the option to get an item by shift right-clicking on a block.

Slimecraft: Crème Edition - A vanilla-like experience with performance optimizations and voice chat.

Tinkers Bounce Pad (Fabric) - This mod adds an updated version of the Bounce Pad from Tinkers' Construct 1.6.4

Jukebox Hopper - Use hoppers to insert records into jukeboxes!

Capability Proxy - Access block capabilities from multiple sides

Server Base - Base performance mods for servers.

Leveled Multishot - Makes the Multishot enchantment act like Multishot from the 2019 April Fools update.

The Charred Forest - adds a new biome, the charred forest!

Prosperity Client - Minimal, technical oriented, vanilla-client pack with a number of optimizations.

Music Synthesizer - Server sided mod for playing on noteblocks using gui and keyboard.

Leveling Armor - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of atacked blocks.

Chat Icon API - An API for mods to put an icon at the start of chat messages

Voluminous Energy - Tech and Energy Mod

Peakstep's Mysterious Enchantments - Unique and interesting enchantments. Inspired by MarbleGate's Exotic Enchantment: Flowing Agony, Fabric Enchantments and so on.

Warp Bacteria - Bacteria that eats Space ships!

Stare Till They Grow! - Stare in the souls of your crops!

Special Animals - Animals affected by potion effects will ruin their children's DNA. Be warned, go too far and they may explode!!!

Loyalty Rewards - Giving rewards to dedicated players.

Only Spectate Players - Allows any player to spectate any player, Along with a few fix's

Cakeable Mobs - A mod that turns mobs into cake!

ForceCraft - A semi-magical mod focused around power, called Force

Snowy's Ultimate Minecraft Mod - adds cool stuff every once a while

Wandering Trader on a Stick - When you want to control your llamas, use the Wandering Trader on a Stick

ReSiever - Provides compat between NotEnoughItems Unofficial and Ex-Nihilo / Thermal Expansion

More Building Blocks - This mod currently adds more tuff, calcite, dripstone and basalt blocks! And even more coming in the future!

 Candy World - ReCaramelized - Adds various food items to the game through world generation & a new dimension 

UPNP for dedicated servers - Automatically forwards ports for your dedicated minecraft server with UPNP

Loot Boxes - Adds data driven urns

SilenceMods - Официальный модпак для игры на сервере SilenceCraft Mods

Tired - A mod that lets you sleep whenever you want

Pigawatts Reloaded - Pigawatts™!

Honey I Shrank the Mobs - Replaces the default death animation by having mobs shrink into nothing.

Stylish Occult - Runes (and more...) straight from the occult! 

Gr33n's Botanical Gardens - A Mod That Adds New Flowers, Plants, Foods,And More   

MobSpecificEnchants - Enchants for specific mob groups!

Visible Toggle Sprint - A simple mod to make toggle sprint & sneak easier!

MCLangSplit Fabric - Injects a second language into text

Planetoid - Generate worlds made of planetoids!

Options Enforcer - Modify values in options.txt and other top-level config files, and copy files from a subfolder...

Dimensional Anchor - A mod that gives teleportation functionality to Lodestones

Fluff Pack - Fluff pack is the pack used by Twitch Streamers "pimp_mommy420" and "nfld99" aka Mrs and Mr Fluff!

AdvancedServerList - Plugin to display custom MOTD, player count and player count hover with conditions

Grave Robber - Teleport to Universal Graves

No Poles - Prevent the creation of nerd poles by jumping and placing blocks. [nerdpoles]

Voodoo Poppets - [Forge & Fabric] Powerful voodoo poppets inspired by Witchery

Pobble - Pobble, Pobble Pickaxe, Sticky Sticks

Random Decorative Things - Some random decorative blocks (maybe items)

VanillaXBR - A smooth, but familiar look to Minecraft 

When Was That Again - Adds timestamps to all chat messages

Swows - For all your swowwy needs!

Json Chat Mod - This allows you to use json in chat.

Fog Overrides - Config Options to Override Fog in Minecraft

Caves&Cliffs Blending - Fixes chunk blending with 1.17 Caves&Cliffs Datapack world

Better Block Sounds - Updating old blocks with new, better block sounds.

Custom Disc Updated - This mod aims only at adding music disc customization into 1.12.2 and nothing more.

The Ceilands - A surreal dimension with bedrock ceiling but no bedrock floor!

Limbs - Allowing you to wear mob limbs to replace yours

Flipped - A Fabric 1.19 mod that flips you upside down, similar to Dinnerbone's player model.

Legacy Custom Publish - Allows specifying a manual LAN port to /publish in legacy versions

Voodoo Poppets (Fabric) - Powerful voodoo poppets inspired by Witchery (Fabric Port)

Stonks - Makes villager pop their head up if you hold something they like

Enforce Gamemode - Enables server owners to enforce gamemodes using permissions

Unglow - Disable glowing text on signs.

DoubleCrafter - Merging Crafting Recipes to a single output

Overpriced Enchantments - restores pre-1.8 enchantment cost

Shulker Enchantments - Neat enchantments for your shulker boxes

Advancement Plus - Vanilla - Enhanced and pretty hard-coded advancements for you to make your minecraft journey more purposeful.

Commands+ - A Mod that adds new helpful commands to Minecraft. 

PerodiumCraft | ONLY FORGE - A new main resource appears in the game - Perodium. It is possible to make super-tools and super-armor from it. It is not so easy to create a periodium. But you will be pleased with the result. And a new world is added.

Cursed Loot - This mod adds random curses to loot you can find

Maze - This mod adds a world that is full of maze.

更多鑽石模組1.18.2(forge) - 加了更多鑽石

Nukenshire Creepers - Creepers just vibe, like in Nukenshire

Anvil Too Expensive - Removes the `Too Expensive` text in an anvil.

It's Not Long Enough - make the day and night longer, 24 hours total. real hours.

Remote Block Access - Lets you remotely access the interfaces of machines/blocks.

SapphireMod - Mod That Adds Sapphire

Yippee - A fun mod that brings memes into minecraft to mess around with your friends

Chromatic Arsenal - A Curios addon which adds new equipable curios.

Side Effects - Abuse of vanilla features as side effects! (current support fake entity)

Lost and Fished - Recover your lost valuables by fishing!

Mojangster - [Forge & Fabric] Create your loading screen. Animated logo from Minecraft: Dungeons in Java Edition

Spell Checker - This mod compares what you type in chat with the selected list of dictionary words.

Update Edition - Replace Java Edition with the title of your version!

Fix Alt Gr - A simple Minecraft mod that (mostly) fixes the MC-127862 bug, which sometimes makes pressing the Alt Gr key lock your left control key in a pressed state.

Litematica Printer - This fork adds the missing printing functionality for Litematica

Llamarama - General improvements to llamas, gone insane!

Debark - Debarked logs with mod compat!

Entity Render Distance Extender - Extends from how far away entities render.

RedPower 2 Machine - The Machine module of RedPower 2

CyanSetHome - Allow you to save locations to teleport you to them when you want to

Magic Feather - That nerfed angel ring mod

Whizzy Wands - A small collection of utility wands for traveling around (safety not guaranteed)

RandomMOTD - Make your server pop from the multiplayer window with a randomized Message of the Day

Apathy - Make mobs apathetic. Apathy can be redefined

TerrariaMod - A mod that contains almost all the main content from the game Terraria!

Daves The Cursed Language - A Daver The Dave themed language pack for all fans of the one and only Daver The Dave and polygon donut!

Acro's Mirrorstones - A modfest 1.17 entry focusing on teleportation and alchemy

Machines - Machines plugins for SimpleOres. Adds new unique furnaces.

Flying Boats - The boats fly

Living Things - adds various new mobs to Minecraft

Boleatte - Welcome To Boleatte, Famous For It's Mystical Crops And Minerals!

Rug - Extension for gnembon's Carpet Mod adding loads more rules

Till Assist - Assists you in tilling on your farm, providing information about moisture state of future farmland

Gnomed - Adds the "Youve been Gnomed" Gnome to Minecraft

Speedy Hopper - Mod allowing hoppers to be faster... or slower!

Geolosys - Data-Driven, Mod-Compatible TerraFirmaCraft-Inspired Ore Generation

Roundaround's Shearable Vines - Use shears on vines to stop them from growing!

Magic Mirrors - Teleport to your spawn point instantly with a magic mirror!

Super Shulkers - Gives shulker boxes super powers.

Block Quantity Scanner - Count how many blocks are at each y level

Jellyfishing - A Spongebob-inspired mod that adds a bunch of stuff from the show

Gift - Mod adds gifts to Minecraft

Shut - Start minecraft with preconfigured sounds levels

Talking Room Vanilla+ - Vanilla+ pack for members of The Talking Room discord server.

Vanultrax - General Vanilla Friendly Additions To Make The Game More Diverse And Fun.

Broken Discs - Adds Disc Fragments to your game

NetherPortalFix - Ensures correct destinations when travelling back and forth through Nether Portals in Multiplayer.

NBT-API - Add custom NBT tags to Items/Tiles/Entities without NMS

ExNihilo: Automation Unstable - allowing the use of later forge and later ExNihilo: Sequentia at the expense of instability.

UAM (Unnecessarily Acronymized Modpack) - A personalised modpack with a focus on performance, plus a few QoL improvements.

SinoCate - Traditional Chinese food, Sino cultures

Xtra Stuff - Mod that adds Xtra stuff that maybe useful

Better Tellraw - An enhanced tellraw command

Unsigner - All chat messages on your server will be unsigned, preventing chat reporting

Extra Secure Chat - (Mostly) Patches an exploit used by gaslight to generate fake reports

eggolib - A Fabric mod that extends Apoli's system for funsies

Magnetic Personality - Very attractive item magnets

HitHoverBox - Only show hitboxes of entities you're looking at

COFFEE! - This mod just adds coffee... and maybe a bit more?

Dimensional Cake Rebaked - There is cake and it takes you to The End!

Curated Utility Mods - Utility mods that improve the overall experience of Minecraft while keeping compatibility with vanilla Minecraft.

Resource Engineering - Gathering resources from unexpected places

Mystical Agriculture Tiered Crystals - Adds Tiered Crystals to Mystical Agriculture.

BedrockCraft - BedrockCraft is a Minecraft mod about Bedrock and the Void.

RedPower 2 Lighting - The Lighting module of RedPower 2

Debug Survivability - Made Debug World mutable, meaning that you can now survive inside a Debug World.

Sticky Hopper - Server Side Only - Mod allowing hoppers to be sticky!

BlockHideAndSeekMod - Competitive game played between Hiders who hide by morphing into blocks and Seekers who find and defeat the Hiders.

Chunk Destroyer - Pickaxes that dig all kinds of blocks in large volumes.

MCPersianTextFixer - "Fixes" Persian text rendering

MCHalo - Adds weapons from the Halo franchise to Minecraft.

Materials, I Guess - A Minecraft Mod about adding Realistic and Fictional Materials

Honse - Turns all horses into majestic honses.

Super Slime - Adds the Super Slime block (slab). It is super!

Advanced Shulkerboxes - This mod makes the Shulker Box more portable.

Village Siege Disabler - Disables the vanilla zombie siege mechanic

Soul Collector - A Mod about collecting your enemies' souls to use them to your advantage!

Anti-internal Energy Revolution - A technological Fabric Minecraft mod about how to use ice and snow to produce power

Wind In The Bells - O Modpack oficial do Wind In The Bells

Ping Me - A server-side Fabric mod that allows you to ping anyone from the chat with notifications!

Reconnoiter - StarFallenJax's Modpack focused on Vanilla+ features and improvements

Splash Water - Splash water potions and water bottles are now useful!

Extra Inputs - Adds some more detectable inputs for mapmaking.

Just Needed - Everything that's just needed in Minecraft

Roboto Regular - The Material font from Android, now on Minecraft in regular size.

Logicates - Adds diverse redstone components into your game

Musical Instrument Minecraft Interface (MIMI) - Musical Instrument Minecraft Interface - Play music with multiple instruments, multiple players, and MIDI files!

Forge Carpet - Ported all features of fabric-carpet to forge

Unlimited Chisel Works - TFC1 - TFC1 addon for Unlimited Chisel Works

CopperTools - Adds tools for many modded metals (old 1.7.10 mod)

Explosive Chickens - A really stupid mod that adds chickens that explode when you kill them.

The Glorious Axeolotl - adds an axolotl axe

DiscordSchematicUploader - Upload and download WorldEdit schematics from the comfort of your Discord server

Wonderfully Optimized - A FPS modpack made for the QuiltMC Modloader.

Quantum - A multi-world mod for Fabric.

Goat Origin (Rammling) - A mod allowing you to to play as a goat like creature from the mountains

CMCraft PACK - Pack for CMCraft server.

ClassicMenu - This mod adds main menu, mod list and server connection screen to Minecraft Classic

Hedge Magic - Adds a handful of early-game friendly content to Mana and Artifice.

Birlacraft - The official Birland modpack

Infinity Buttons - A mod which adds new exciting buttons

Jelly Pack - Pack with some essential client mods for Jelly and friends :)

The Lost Worlds [Forge] - A mod for Forge that adds dinosaurs and other ancient creatures to the game as well as archaeological finds.

Iguana in a Blanket - Harder game. May be fun for you.

Shadowlands - Adds 6 new dimensions, each with biomes and dungeons, there's loads to explore!

Simple Grinder - Add crusher

Additional Blocks: Vertical Edition - Additional Blocks: Vertical Edition adds vertical slabs and stairs to your game!

REI Cheat Keybind - Adds a keybind to toggle cheat mode on or off on REI's item menu.

Villager Drops - Makes villagers drop their inventory when killed.

Vanilla Xtended - A vanilla minecraft modpack for optimizing the game and adding mods that don't break the vanilla feel

Wet Lava Sponge - Wet sponges are now lava sponges - magic

Nourished Nether (Fabric) - Expands on the nether futher than the nether update did.

Actually Additions Fluxified - Fluxifying the Additions

Icons - Adds icons to several aspects of the game

Sarc's Suggestions - A mod inspired by SimplySarc that gives some useless features in Minecraft actual fuctionality! 

[FABRIC] Shield Thorns - Thorns now works on shields!

Hardcore Extended - Make a harder Minecraft experience

Redstone Lantern - A simple redstone lantern.

Avalon Network - Official avalon network modpack

MTUM - More Than Useful Modpack - A small modpack for a more comfortable and beautiful game in Minecraft on servers and in single player.

Ancient Technology - Scientists found a way to create Ancient items we mean uncraftable items

Colorful Allays - A Fabric mod that adds allays in different colors.

scarpet-graphics - Carpet extension with functions for scarpet, used for headless image manipulation (A wrapper of Processing)

Allotment - A delightful gardening mod for Minecraft Java Edition

Don't Starve Origins - This mod adds some origins from Don't Starve into your game, allowing you to play as those characters, each with special powers and weaknesses.

Crab Mod - Adds cutes little crabs to the game, they spawn at beach biomes !

PhosLite - A modpack made for a minecraft community discord.

Attribute Tooltip Fix - A Minecraft mod which fix tooltip rendering for attributes, when they are loading through NBT.

Oak's Seed Drops Mod - A simple fabric mod that allows for cusomization of seed drops (WIP)

Tube Logistics - Smart Item Storage using Tubes

Survival Kit - This mod adds survival kits similar to servers, but in a single game or multiplayer

Data Driven Composter - An overly configurable composter

Elytra Lock - Lock your elytra when you don't plan on using it

[Fabric] EnderPorter - Blocks and items which allow for teleportation within and between dimensions!

Nether Sky Block - A Mod for Nether SkyBlock

Unhealthy Dying - Reduces your max health every time you die.

Heads - Adds more mob heads

Unlimited Chisel Works - Botany - Botany addon for UCW

AuthMeVelocity - AuthmeReloaded support for Velocity

Cool Items - Adds some useful items!

Removed Blockitems - Adds blockitems for some blocks to help facilitate creative building

Fancy Bookshelf - Adds a fancy bookshelf a la bibliocraft

Silk Compose - Bringing Kotlin Compose UI to Minecraft

Strange Berries - A mod adding a variety of berries with different effects!

Roundaround's Custom Paintings - Add your own custom paintings to Minecraft.

Structure World - A small mod that lets you generate a void world with a custom structure placed on it.

Reusable Rockets - Reusable Rockets

NEROSHAD's Optimization Pack - Just a small optimization pack

Ancient Debris in Overworld - Ancient debris can now spawn in overworld too !

Log Begone - Fork of Shut Up Console - Tell those those annoy logs lines begone!

Advanced God Armour - Ever Wanted To Become Unbeatable In Your Hardcore World Or SMP???, If Yes, Then This Mod Is Definitely For You 

ServerSideKoreanChat - serverside korean chat translator

More Mushroom Stew - Add Nether Mushroom Stew

more turtles - ads five new turtles with different uses

Rotater - Makes Tater rotate

LogFilter - Filter messages sent to your Velocity, Sponge, Spigot and Krypton console 

Storage Drawers Unlimited Fixed - Fork of of original XaeronTheProtogen's Storage Drawers Unlimited

PurpurExtras - Purpur suggestions that should be a plugin

Strata (Forge Edition) - A mod that adds various types of rocks into the game.

Ring of Repair - Ring that repairs items and armor in your inventory

Refined Storage Fluxified - Refined Storage but Redstone Fluxified

Gr33n's Magica - Magic By Cards!

No Op Spawn Protection - Much Better Spawn Protection

DiscordSRV - The most powerful, configurable, open-source Discord to Minecraft bridging plugin available.

ASMC - Backports sounds to earlier Minecraft versions

Vanilla Laser - Create vanilla styled laser in server side

lordsheen mod - adds combhead to game

Defender's SMP Modpack - This is the modpack for my smp!

Origins Cap - Origin Cap addon for servers to cap number of ppl who can choose an origin

Custom Content Packs - Custom Content Packs are a data driven way to create blocks, items, armor, tools, and food in minecraft!

Immersive Snowgen - Spices up snow generation (a little)

Aetherborn Origin - An origin for The Aether.

Tonics - Additional potions and effects for Minecraft

Redstonequip - A mod that adds Redstone Equipment to Minecraft

Iron Coated Trapdoor - Adds iron trapdoors that work like wooden ones.

The Lamps! - On the guard of luminosity! 

NoLavaCast - Prevents lava casting for fabric servers

Enchantment ID Extender - Extends enchantment IDs from 256 to 4096.

MemeSounds [Fabric] - Mod adds new memes items with funny sounds

Omni - Omni adds a new Crystal geode variant, ambient biome sounds, and many more unique blocks!

The Cambunctious Modpack - Performance, QoL features, and beautiful visuals while maintaining the Vanilla experience!

Spooky Scary Jockeys - Putting the 'trick' back into trick or treat™ - MMD SpookyJam 2021

Compressed Barrels - A Compressed Barrels

BoredLight - An updated fork of VarLight, a mod that allows turning most blocks into light sources

the VEGAN mod - A small challenge mod to make you vegan.

BuildCraft - Pipes!

Gourmet Example - Sap - Crumb don't eat the sap!

Y Is There AutoJump - Stop the annoying autojump is on by default feature.

MCCI Utils - A utility mod for the minecraft server MCC Island

Bozzz's Optimizations - A collection of mods that aims to provde a better vanilla Minecraft experience.

Eureka! - Eureka! Build ships in Minecraft out of ordinary blocks, with physics.

ManyShields - Adds an obscene amount of shields to Minecraft

Better Moss IMO - Bonemealed moss doesn't spawn azaleas everywhere!

Growable Cells 2 - Growable Cells/Disks for Refined Storage And Applied Energistics

Small Utilities - Improves the game with new mechanics, blocks, items and more.

Keyblade Mod - adds keyblades to minecraft

Nota - Port of the NoteBlock API for fabric, play .nbs files as noteblock sounds.

Uneffectual - Hide effect icons that you don't want!

Vanillify Library - A server-side library that allows creation of other server-side-only mods/items

PanBlocks K2 Optimized - PanBlocks K2 has lots of features and mods, but is also heavily optimized so you can play minecraft at insane fps.

 World Eater - World Eater adds blocks and items that aid in the complete destruction of a Minecraft World.

ClientCommandAlias - Client-side command aliases.

Chalk - Mark your way as you go!

Frostwalker always melts - Vanilla frostwalker ice does not melt in low light level. This mod fixes that.

Dishes of Ukraine - Add Dishes of Ukraine

Magic Eight Cube - Its magic eight ball in minecraft except its a cube

TAB - An all-in-one solution that works

 Invisible Item Frames - A Resource Pack that makes Item Frames invisible.

NovaHook - Library/API for Entity Texture Overrides at runtime

Default World Type - Change the default world type for creating a new world in Create World screen

VoluBind - A client-side Fabric mod for 1.19 that allows creation of custom keybinds to toggle in-game volume.

mlem - Mod List Export Maker - Exports installed mods data to a CSV file

PlayerPlot Modded - A complete self-serve solution for players to protect their builds on your survival server.

SWUTM's Extra Desert - Better update Deserts. Extra Dungeons, Beautiful Tree, More Item and Block, and Different Food

StructurePlacerAPI - An API made for fabric mod developers to spawn NBT structures 

NoMoreIntrusiveZombies - Stops zombies from banging on your door

Sculk - Mod adds Sculk blocks to Minecraft

Roses [Forge] - A mod for Forge that readds some of minecraft's lost treasures! Roses and Cyan Flowers, oh my!

GrassBlades - (old 1.7.10 mod) Insta-breakable blocks don't break when attacking with a sword

Big Sip - addon for the create mod introducing various drinks and other content surrounding them

MC-Alias - Barebones command shortcut/aliases for servers

Bean Coin Mod - This mod adds bean coins to the game.

Inventory Essentials - Basic inventory tweaks. Lightweight and compatible.

YAQOL - Yet Another Quality Of Life Mod

Experience Orb - Adds an experience orb item, which stores 100 experience points

 Warp Radial - A radial menu to teleport to warp points

You are here - Shows a title what biome/dimension you entered

Data Trader - A villager like entity which can be used as trader. Customizable with data packs.

Fluid Barrel - Adds a new iron barrel that can store liquids.

Stones Transfer - Lets you turn stupid stones into cobblestone!

KeyLoop - Mod that provides spam clicking/holding a certain minecraft keybinding/mousebutton

ConsoleMC - A mod that allows console commands to be executed over the ingame Minecraft chat.

Insertdead's QoL Mods - Enhancing the MC experience without straying from vanilla

Datapack Item Operations - A mod that allows data-driven Item Operations via Datapacks

Creativity - Unleash Creativity!

Strata - Procedurally generates items and blocks -- pretty ores and rocks!

Mp3 Player - Adds A Mp3 Player That Plays Music 

Cryonic - A Croptopia addon that ruins your life with keeping track of food rot and overdue.

Park's Modpack - This modpack is a fork of Fabulously Optimized modified to my liking.

MouseClickSwap - A mod that inverts the mouse left and right click keybindings by pressing a button.

/itemname for Fabric - A Fabric mod adding an /itemname command.

Underground Biomes - Adds 24 different types of stone

Vertical Slab - You have the ability to create vertical slabs! That's awesome. 

JARM - Just another ruby mod with too many things

Big Beautiful Buttons - 200+ vanilla buttons the size of pressure plates!

Haunted pants - Literally just pants that spawn and attack you 

Hardcore Resurrection - Adds possibility to resurrect player in hardmode.

More Music Discs - Adds more music discs

Shale's Horde: Extras - Little bits and pieces on the kobold horde

Advanced Generators - Multiblock Modular FE Generators

LiquidCore - Little api for my mods

Doko Demo Craft - Mod that adds the main cast of Doko Demo Issyo as mobs in Minecraft

Tab Stats - A tab list to show player stats

unsilkable - silk touch the unsilkable

Armor+ - Adds new armor.

Ignition - Allows torches and campfires to set fire to nearby flammable blocks

DebuggR - Useful for testing what fabric will do with different crashes.

i am speed - vroom vroom

Project TTM - A vanilla-styled technology and energy mod that aims to bring people To The Moon !

TeamPerms -  A simple permissions mod using scoreboard teams as groups.

Better Underground - More geology[GENERATION NOT THERE YET]

Beelightful - Making bee stings more realistic since 2022.

Pudding Mod - Pudding in Minecraft!

AdvancedTeleport - A rapidly growing teleportation plugin looking to break the boundaries of traditional TP plugins. 

Bomb Portal - Creates a portal to the selected dimension at the location of the landing.

RedPower 2 Control - The Control module of RedPower 2

Regenerations? - This mod revamps existing biomes in a vanilla manner

Thermal Conversion - Universal Energy Translation using basic Furnace mechanics

Ekho - A Kotlin DSL for Minecraft Text

AlwaysDurable - Modify the durability bar and text to your liking

The Spaghetti Verse - Discover the cookbook, make the pasta, ingest

Flow - Enhances movement

Advanced Nether Chest - This mod adds chests from all the nether blocks to Minecraft!

McWebserver - A simple webserver that runs alongside the Minecraft Server

Creon - A mod adds Creon medicine.

Sandwich Mod - make sandwiches

servermodscommand - Adds a command to list all of the mods on a server.

deepslate dubble - dubbles the resources from deepslate veriants

PotionRecipeLib - Super duper easy potion crafting api for developers

Bio Library - Library Mod used in Mrthomas20121 mods.

Ochetgenyo - Decorate your walls with an ancient language

Leveling Hoe - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of mined blocks.

Chainmail Recipe (FORGE) - A very small mod that adds a recipe for Chainmail armor using chains. 

Netherrack Treasures - From the netherrack now fragments of all ores will fall from the netherrack.

LiteLoader Registry Fix (Extra Foam for LiteLoader) - LiteLoader registry fix

Quill of Origin - A 1.16.5 Fabric Origins addon that allows logging chat into special books

Tough Glass - Adds glass that is blast-proof and cannot be moved by pistons

Bunger! - Adds bungers to minecraft!

Lever & Button Lights - buttons that act like levers and levers that act like buttons

Edible Rotten Flash - Add new food Edible Rotten Flash as meat.

Vianô's Better Update - Better Update

WatchDog AntiCheat - WatchDog AntiCheat is a mod that helps mod pack authors and other people who want to protect their servers from hackers and mods that shouldn't be on the client to join the server.

Biome Stats - Adds a thermometer which displays the temp and humidity levels

⛏Mod - A mod made for the plot 50644 on DiamondFire.

Simple Title - Simplifies Minecraft's window title.

Ancient Civilization - Add technology and magic that will help you open the ancient portal.

Hay Stairs - Just adds hay stairs and slabs... 

Faithful 64x - An even more detailed experience with quadruple-resolution textures!

Fancy Doors - Doors, but Better™

More Bows: Artis - Port of More Bows to newer MC versions

Star Wars Mod - Adds Star Wars weapons, characters, and other planets.

devOS Season h.h - The modpack for the devOS community minecraft server

Simply Platinum - A balanced upgrade to gold. 

RedPower 2 Compat - The Compat module of RedPower 2

Le Fishe - Expands fishing and aquaculture in Minecraft.

Nosey - Adds noses to more mobs

Friendly Griefing - Allow list for mob / entities for mobGriefing gamerule

Fusion - An alloy mod for SimpleOres and add-ons.

VA-11 Hall-A Drinks - A mod that adds the drinks from the game VA-11 Hall-A

Arachnids - Arachnids is a mod based on the first Starship Troopers movie and 2005 game about an alien race of bugs.

Hydra - A Twitch Integrations mod to bring your chat into Minecraft and more!

Inca - Inca, let the llamas out!

Izumi's Client - Izumi's Instance based on Survival & Creative Playstyle

Unlimited Chisel Works - TFC2 - TFC2 addon for Unlimited Chisel Works

FeatherLib - A useful library for making Fabric mods

Universal Perms - Have you ever had to install mod that doesn't provide permission nodes for its commands on a server?  Have you had trouble with a mod not allowing you to block access to their root command (looking at you luckperms)?  Well, this mod fixes that, and more.

SickMod - Additional features to play on SickMC

gobackup - Back your world up to GoFile (requires paid subscription)

Fractal - Generate 3D fractals with a single command.

Glowing Potion - Adds a potion of glowing.

Energetic Sheep - Sheep that generate energy

Brass Mechanics (Client-Side Modpack) - Just a Create modpack for a few friends.

Emotecraft plugin - Emotecraft bukkit version

Spellbind - Bind spells to items you are using.

Bloodshed (Forge) - Adds Jetstream Sam's sword from Metal Gear Rising with unqiue effects and abilites.

Nihimulur - Building and aesthetics focused modpack using only Modrinth mods. Vanilla Revamped.

Sound Board - A Fabric mod that adds a client-side Sound Board

Armor Unlocked - Ever wanted to enjoy more damage reduction of modded armor instead of being capped

TechnoThePig - Makes Technoblade related stuff

Light Meal - mm... torches...

Fokuso - Configurable client-side chat filtering

You've Ruined Portal - Fixes a bug in ruined portal datafix (for 1.18.2-rc1)

Chat Calculator - Evaluate Math in Chat!

Ninja Hoppers - Endgame hoppers designed to feel powerful yet vanilla

More Nugget - Add Diamond,Emerald,Coal,Lapis and etc Nuggets.

Times Newer Roman - The one that looks familiar.

Game Suit 2 - Game Suit 2 Is The Advanced Version Of The First Mod I Ever Created Game Suit

Wax And Honey - Mod complements the bee update of Minecraft!

BingoLobby - A lobby for the bongo mod

Totally Enough Pain - Minecraft Hardcore mod for Fabric

NinjaGear - There are 25 Ninjas in this mod

Biome ID Extender - Extends biome ID limit, allowing over 256 biomes in the game.

Metaworlds Unofficial - An Unofficial Continuation of the Metaworlds Mod

3D Maneuver Gear - Shingeki no Minecraft

The God Block - If God needed a block, this would be it. It's nothing from which you get something.

Ultreon Modding Library - Modding Library for Ultreon Team Mods

Cooked Apple - Allows you to cook a regular apple.

Cookies Galore - adds golden, diamond, and netherite cookies!

Vision Ring - Handy night vision ring

More Food - This simple mod adds more food to the game.

Antique Waystones - Adds Antique Atlas markers when activating a Waystone

OpenAuthMod - Open source minecraft authentication protocol for proxies

Fexcraft Common Library - Library mod for Fexcraft and other Mods.

Structured Crafting - Craft stuff in your world, automatically

RedPower 2 Digital - The Digital module of RedPower 2

Book Wyrms - Colorful lizards that can recycle your enchanting books.

Chutes - Hollow vertical blocks to funnel dropped items or other entities.

RedPower 2 Array - The Array module of RedPower 2

Winter Essentials - A mod which adds some fun winter mechanics

Custom Machinery - Make your dream machine come true

Environmental Materials - Environmental Materials is a companion mod to Environmental Core/Tech that add a vast selection of new building blocks, stairs, slabs and walls.

EnderGrab - Allow endermen to pick up entities!

LifeSteal Reimagined - Not your regular LifeSteal core.

Librarian Tweaks - Nerfing librarian villagers' trades.

abandoned cabin - adds an new structure thats more common then the dungeon

AwesomeSoundLib - A client for the AwesomeSoundLib library for the DiamondFire server.

:fritater: - A mod that adds the elusive :fritater:

Gart's Client Side Pack - My preferred Client side pack for use on vanilla servers

LibPow - A flavoured energy API for Fabric

Ender IO - Zoo -  Ender IO is a full-featured tech mod. It has armor, tools, weapons, machines, conduits, inventory management, mobs, etc. 

EveryRandomEnchantment - Adds random enchantments to Minecraft

TOP Extras - Addon for The One Probe adding new providers and feature-parity with WAILA and WAWLA.

Fabritized - Server friendly modpack with lots of customization 

Leveling Shovel - Adds a gradual leveling of the tool with the number of mined blocks.

Sneak Nether Portals - Qol Upgrades to Nether Portals

Convenient Name Tags - Lets you right click Name Tags in the air to change their name!

Weird Commands - Adding commands to things that don't have any

unbelievably based - Optimisations that just work™ (+journeymap)

Convenient Curios Container - This mod allows you to easily manage your Curios items.

Withered Bone Meal - Adds Withered Bone Meal, kills plants and turns flowers into Wither Roses.

Crossbowverhaul - Crossbow replacer for 1.18 and 1.19

Fake Netherite - A small mod that adds Fake Netherite to the game

One Box At A Time - Cardboard boxes, exclusively for Minecraft 22w13oneblockatatime

MinetopiaSDB - A remake Minetopia plugin that looks almost identical to the real deal!

Beyond Helper - A helper mod for the Blocks From Beyond modpack.

PluralCraft - A minecraft mod for plural systems

Epoli - Origins / Apoli power types & entity actions additions.

Queen's Pack - Queen's Pack is a compilation of several decoration and food mods as well as some others to make the experience more enjoyable.

Spaghetti Bolognese - A restoration of the legendary CR43Z33M0NK3Y's mods.

FiveHead - Allowing you to combine heads to get a bigger head

Happy Little Parrot - Catch and collect parrots...

Enchantment Scraping - This mod allows you to scrape enchantments from items to books with help of scraping instruments

Tiny Coal - Simply allow you to break Coal/Charcoal down to 8 pieces that smelt 1 item.

RedPower 2 Mechanical - The Mechanical module of RedPower 2

Colored planks - Adds colored planks to minecraft!

RatAddons - basic addons for hypixel skyblock

Random Mod!!! - Random Mod is a mod that has armor, weapons, and tools. Also have a towel hanger, and some food with it.  

MK Drinks - A mod about pop, pop bottles, and making cool stuff with them.

RAA: Core - Core mod for all Randomly Adding Anything mods

MariaDBServerFabricMC - A MariaDB database embedded as Fabric Mod

Dimensional Bread - Add bread that teleports you into all the vanila dimensions.

KInventory - Small Fabric library that allows you to serialize inventories using kotlinx.serialization 

Power Tool - A powerful tool for a powerful purpose

MongoAuthKeys - Client side companion for MongoAuth

Kingdom Keys 2 - Adds various elements from the Kingdom Hearts games

Extensions - Extensions is a mod that extenses certain parts of Minecraft!

FoodTweaker - A CraftTweaker addon that allows tweaking food stats

TiCube Modpack - Simple Client-side Modpack for the TiCube Minecraft Server

You Stand No Chance Fabric - Scythe And Ore Mod

Chorus Links - Chorus Links is a vanilla friendly teleportation mod using Chorus Fruits!

Frosted Friends - ⛄ Create your own snowman !

Gamemode Potions - The mod adds "Gamemode Potions" to Minecraft.

DevTooltips - Tooltips for 1.7.10 mod(pack) developers

Z More Carrots - Adding more carrots

Level LIb - support for eternal

Scythe - Auto-replant harvested crops!

Advanced Genetics - Edit your genetics to gain unique abilities!

PassiveVision - Anti enderman aggro - Prevents endermen from getting aggro'd when you look at them

Postmortal Inventory - Totems work in your inventory. Period.

Homes - A server-side Fabric mod that adds usefully commands like /homes create homeName

ChromaBlocks - Chroma key in Minecraft!

Sticks: Debugged - Debugging those sticks! Lets you use the debug stick in survival and adds a (hopefully) balanced recipe

Paul's Tweaks - Things Paul (any his boys) wants in minecraft

IlyaPackxin - ModPack from Ilyaxin

Netherite Stick - Add fire resistance to all tools.

Gamemode Unlocked - Ever wanted to play on survival with the creative menu open here you go.

GalliCraft Server Modpack - A server modpack for our community MC server.

Light Block - Forge - Implements the Light Block from Bedrock into Forge

More Suspicios Stew - Add 13 Nether Suspicios Stew

Permission Levels - Overrides OP command to be able to assign a player a permission level

PufferTweaks - All the tweaks for the Puffersky modpack!

Structure Item Mod - A NBT-tag driven item that places structures on right-click

Dirt Treasures - From the dirt now fragments of all ores will fall from the dirt.

Effective Advancements - Provides positive effects when you gain advancements and negative effects when you die.

RubyMod - RubyMod is an open-source mod, which prioritizes sharing its code to help other modders learn.

Charms Mod - Adds charms that give potion effects when in your inventory

Super Decaying Simulator 2022 - Botania flower decay control & mana statistics

Arth Client - A client-side modpack offering the best experience possible with major performance boosts.

Useless Mod - A (absolutely not) useless mod for Minecraft

Rift Mod List -  Adds a mod list to your client.

Structure Visualizer - Allows you to visualize Structure's fully client-side

Drip - A configurable dripstone mod.

Multiplay - Modpack for testing on Multiplay

My Favorite Pet - I really love to play with my pets and play with them! They give me bonuses and I throw them balls! A nice exchange. 

Simply 3D - A Pack to make certain utility blocks 3D, but keeping it vanilla-like

Additional Blocks: Stone Edition - Additional Blocks: Stone Edition adds stone-themed blocks to your game

Death's Wish - A package with items to like.. yea.. help you demise!

Equatorial - Adds Equatorial Forests.

BoomHalt - Limit TNT explosions, or turn them off.

Green Screen - Screen blocks for easy screenshotting.

More Unique Blackstone - Add All types More Gilded Blackstone.

Hotbar Randomizer (Fabric) - Select blocks from your hotbar at random

Ez Mod Lib - A library that makes modding easier.

Knockback API - A simple and easy to use api to configure the knockback behaivor of entities

NoSwim - Removes the ability to swim in minecraft.

Hive365 - Official Radio Mod playing the Hive365 stream in-game

Ex Naturae - An addon to combine Ex Nihilo: Sequentia and Botania

BrancraftVanilla - MC modpack for the Brancraft vanilla server

Greenphx9's Ruby Mod - Adds Rubies, as well as Ruby Tools and Armor

MobDropOres - Adds ores that drop mob drops

 Archaeologists - Add treasures and their quests, as well as new ways to find them and new dungeons.

Mountables - craftable mounts for every aesthetic

Let's Jeb! - Realistic Unrealistic Rainbowsheep

Barrier Decor - Add Barrier Stairs,Slab,Fence.Fence Gate.

Bedrock Destroyer - Removes bedrock from players

Food Expansion: Reimagined - Simple Mod, which adds new Food into the game. Now for newer versions!

Rekindle - This is a mod that adds a lot to the vanilla experience

MysteriumLib - A small library required for some of our mods

More Minerals - Adds more minerals to the game

VillagerInfo - Plugin that allows easier access to useful information stored in villagers' brains 

Better with Harder Steel Recipe - provide easier recipes for Better With Mods

Playpark MC - A QoL modpack made for Playpark MC's Survival server to enable better performance along with voicechat

[Bite Sized Mods] Diamond Ingots - Have you ever felt like there just weren't enough Diamond Ingots in the game?)

Botanique  - A simple modpack for peoples who have problems with fps and want to have more than right now, it's just like optifine but with much more fps, it's nicely optimizing your game without breaking it, you can use it on every world and server.

Big Trash Can - Adds a trash can in which you can destroy items.

Ultimate Compression - Getting tired of the constant chest monsters and overflowing storage systems? Ultimate Compression is a mod created to reduce storage requirements by compressing almost all vanilla Minecraft blocks & items! The mod also includes custom tools and armor created with the compressed variants of ingots and their respective ores, with increased durability and effects.

Aquatic Additions - Aquatic Additions expands the vanilla ocean content.

colorful - Allows players to use minimessage based text-inputs

Rain Bucket [Fabric] - Buckets filling with rain water!

GuGu Utils - Add compatibility to  Modular Machinery and tweaks for Botania, also some bug fixes

Hex - Adds more enchantments

Hotbar Dumping Excess (/dev/null) - A simple toggleable /dev/null like function in your hotbar

Redstone Clock - Add a clock that will give out a redstone signal in 2 seconds

Band of Gigantism - Adds several size-changing curios among other things.

Quantum Encapsulation - Slow/Accelerate/Stop/Rewind time within a specified region.

Charcoal Pit 3 - A more detailed early game, farming additions and a light aircraft

No Mining Delay - Removes the delay between mining blocks

Trigger - Minecraft Fun mod

Rain Shield - Adds a Rain Shield block which blocks rain from rendering in a large configurable radius

RFDrills - Adds RF-powered tools to Thermal Expansion and EnderIO

uwuify chat - uwuify the chat messages owo

Clustersback - Backports the raw iron/gold clusters and blocks of 1.17+ to 1.16.5

Fundamental - Features fitting the vanilla+ vibe

CYF - A vaniila-ish expansion for Minecraft. Includes crops, foods, and armor set bonuses!

CobbleGenRandomizer - Allows modpack devs to customize cobble gens

Milkevs Essentials - Various blocks, items, tools and mechanics that Milkev would consider essential to any* playthrough of minecraft.

TagFoods - Applies a tag to all editable items

Flight Wings - A simple mod that adds wings which allows you to fly in survival, which wing has a special effect

ChorusDrops - Causes chorus flowers to drop when the stem supporting it is destroyed

FastAsyncVoxelSniper - Voxel Sniper fork for modern Minecraft versions utilizing the improvements of FastAsyncWorldEdit

BeHappyItHappened - Allows you to collect remains of your named companions.

Dirty Dirty Sausage - Have the dirty dirty block take over the world while you eat a sausage to boost you in the air. Feed em the sheeps cuz they love em, and throw em at the foxies cuz they love em too. 

Flopper - ProjectHDS Edition - A hopper for transferring fluids, that continues to be maintained only for Forge 1.12.2 by the ProjectHDS Team. 

Erroring Entity Remover Reforged - Removes entities that throw errors and crash the game while ticking. Forge Version

More Variants Reloaded - A super subset of More Beautiful Buttons, More Beautiful Plates, and a Mossy Lever

Transit API - Library for moving data between objects

EnderNet - Cross-server item transfer

OwnCrops [Fabric] - Use KubeJS to create custom Crops

Loyalty Medals - Getting rewarded for being a dedicated player.

 Ultra Hard Coremod - A mod to help with Modded UHC's

Songs Of Darkness - A Fan-Made mod all about songs power from `Song of War` Movie check it out on youtube

SOPP - Improve your game with blazing lightweight Modpack Client for Minecraft 1.17+

Lava Treasures - Now you can sift through lava and get different items that were in lava.

Snow Treasures - Now you can sift through snow and get different items that were in snow.

MinerAll - All the food. All the power.

Assorted Tools - A random assortment of tools to add to your Minecraft world.

Oh My Elder Sister Becomes An Unicorn Againnnnn! - A small meme mod about unicorn made by my little cousin.

Technoblade - This Mod Adds Technoblade to The Game... May He Live Forever. 

Overly Complicated Seed-Pouch Mod - This mod adds one "Overly Complicated" seed pouch

EndGrief - A mod to make building in main end island more feasible.

Charlsensideas - The Charlsensideas Mod adds cool things to Minecrtaft that just come to my Mind.

Agent's Pack of Coolness - The best vanilla modpack ever.

Devices Mod - Adds working devices to the game, including laptops.

Cereal - This is a Minecraft mod for the Java edition, this mod adds cereal to the game as food that you can eat it.

Mundane Redstone Ore - Replacing Vanilla Redstone ore with non-shiny redstone since 2017

LAN Extender - Turn your Minecraft LAN worlds into fully-fledged servers, for free.

Factorium - Various machines and materials

Kit Start - Add Kits Start:Archer,Swordman,Magican and more.

Broken Sandbox - Makes the game way too easy.

DiaLabs - Random Additions that no one asked for

Aesthetics - Aesthetics mod for SimpleOres. Adds new decoration blocks.

Assorted Tech - Contains an assorted group of additions based around technology, machines, and logic.

Chicken Madness Mod - Kind of connecting reality and abstraction!

Valkyrien Skies World - Airships

MCMLD - Minecraft Mod List Dumper

Valkyrien Skies Control - Airships

ZetDash - A very basic (lazily made) dash mod

zdgx-AutoUpdateMod - AutoUpdateMod

ALL THE FISH - Unique Textures for all 2700 possible Tropical Fish. 

Block History - A server utility that keeps track of placing/destroying of blocks

skilClient - Bunch of different QoL mods to enhance the the user experience.

Exline Tweaks - compress coal blocks into diamond shards

Redstone Minus Redstone - Free RF from redstone dust

NotQuests - Create your story - a powerful Quest & Conversation plugin

Elderion - The Texturer's Mod

Epic Cheese - Add cheese and related things!

Silkablooie! - Creepers may drop TNT when killed by a player with a Silk Touch pickaxe.

ValkyrieLib - Library mod for all of ValkyrieofNights and TeamKrypticLinks mods.

Swamp Oak Redux - Use normal oak shape for swamp oaks

Deepslate Treasures - From the deepslate now fragments of all ores will fall from the deepslate.

PSWM-Fix (Deprecated) - Does nothing anymore (used to fix bugs in Parzi's Star Wars Mod)

Mathematical calculation commands - A mod that provides some math functions that can be more easily used in the game. (Good for Datapack makers)

DiscCore - A core mod of some of my disc mods.

Update Suppression (Fabric) - Adds a block which suppresses block updates.

sentry - A tower that shoots all kinds of arrows including custom arrow

Totemic Advancement Alpha - Tinker with totems and double them!

Vollkorn - A compact, yet bold seriffed font.

InsoMania! - Prevents Players from sleeping when they are targeted by Phantoms. 

SchematicUpload - Plugin that provides a web server interface for uploading WorldEdit schematics

KubeJS Debug Adapter - Debug your kubejs script with vscode

Project Rankine - A customizable technology-based progression mod about material acquisition, alloys, and geology

Stats2Discord - A plugin to show scoreboard objectives/statistics in Discord.

DupKeys - Adds 8 Virtual Keys to bind multiple physical keys to the same action.

Fluid Interactions - Allows custom cobbblestone generators

Intermission - A small mod that lets you adjust the time between songs being played ingame.

Random Plant Heights - Sugar canes, cacti, and vines have variable heights

CommandWhitelist - You decide what commands players can use or tab complete on your server!

Solar's Overhaul - Solar's Overhaul is a mod for Minecraft that aims to make the game more challenging, more interesting, and more enjoyable. This mod adds an entire new set of tools, dimensions, and materials to mine in.

WorldBuoyancy - Cursed liquid buoyancy tweaks

Huge Tater - A Huge Tater mod inspired by Botania's tater

Silk Amethyst - This plugin allows players to mine budding Amethysts using any item with silk touch! Works on 1.18 +

PUtilsFabric - A mod to play Challenges like bastighg

Burnability - Backports 1.17's Shulker Box Burn Mecanics 

ItemChat - Showcase your items to the chat with a simple keybind!

akkamaddi's Hadite Coal - Add-on for Simple Ores:  a hellish coal from the Nether, makes hadean alloys.

NoTreePunching Basalt Fix - Fixes NoTreePunching's Basalt Cobblestone and Rock item names.

My Personal Better Vanilla - A selection of mods that I find good for vanilla minecraft

Thinking Objects - A mod where you can see thoughts of the mobs and get their dreams! 

Resonance+ - Vanilla+, And its fast!

Items on Ores - Shows which items ores drop without Silk Touch. Works with any resource pack!

Colored Rail Detector - Detector rails on colored blocks will only activate when the player is holding that item

Nullifier - Adds a block that destroys any items inside of it.

UA's FabPack - Untalented Amateur's Tuned Fabric Mod Pack for Minecraft

Tears of Gaia - A small minecraft mod intended to give some flavor to your tools and armor.

Spawner Setting - Add Spawner Setting

Flour Power - Adds the ability to craft wheat into flour and then smelt flour into bread.

Carnivorous Sponges - Sponges Eat Creatures and Reproduce

Kulupu Pali - Lightweight Fabric modpack for distribution to semi-public server

AutoSmelt - AutoSmelt mod made in MCreator

For the Love of God Would You Shut Up - Reverts the change made in 22w13a where noteblocks make sound even when there is a block ontop of them.

MythicAddons - Adds multiple Vanilla+ features, to help with more technical issues

Configured Feature Saplings - Small fabric mod that fixes MC-251744

DoubleShulkerShells - Lightweight plugin to have double shulker shells

Random Stuff - As the title says it adds random stuff from early to End

Nourished Nether (Forge) - Expands on the nether futher than the nether update did.

PeanutCraft - Adds peanuts which you can craft peanut related stuff from

Sound Control Keys - A mod that gives you keybinds for mute/unmute and higher/lower sound level

Middle Eastern Cuisine - This mod adds a few new middle eastern food items

BetterGame - Play a better Minecraft

Fortified Obsidian - Reliable protection will survive any explosion.

Cursor Be Gone - Hide the cursor inside minecraft

Bongo - The bingo minigame for recent minecraft versions.

SimplePets - EchoPets replacment since 2015

Lever Buttons - Adds lever buttons to the game.

Coalie - Welcome to Coalie! A Mod to Make Diamonds...   

Uncraftable recipes - Allows to craft uncraftable items in a more balance way

Roboto Bold - The Material font from Android, now on Minecraft in bold.

McDoom Enchantables - Allows MCDoom Weapons to be enchanted

More Spikes - Add 4 types of spikes.Damage is dealt to all mobs that step on the spikes.

Bonsais - A Minecraft mod about tiny trees. Made for Modfest: Singularity.

Ubtanum - Ubtanum Ore+ More!

Redstone Armor and Tools - Adds Redstone Armor and Tools

The Dream Box - A Simple Mod That Adds Some Stuff I Thought Of In A Dream

FFL lock indicator - (DEPRECATED) Shows an indicator next to your hotbar when you lock your elytra using FallFlyingLib

Expanded Froglights - Adds new variations of Froglights, as well as new type of blocks.

Liberation Mono - A wide, seriffed font found in some Linux distros.

ProtoCharset - Minor features for 1.13/Rift

ajLeaderboards -  Create leaderboards for almost anything! 

InventoryDumper - Fabric Mod that dumps inventory contents to JSON

Prismatics - failed technology mod

Player Pressure Plates - Adds a player-only activated obsidian pressure plate to the game!

Resourceful Geodes - Add geodes to the game that can drop random loot.

Ori's Hand Library - A library to permit or forbid harvesting blocks without the correct tool.

Water Generator - Add Water Generator. Create Water.

Split World - Split your world into two sides, creative and survival 

OTEMod - Mod to provide modpack specific resources

Paintings+ - Adds (too many) paintings to minecraft!

akkamaddi's Ashenwheat - a small farming mod, adding four utility crops: Ashenwheat (a fuel, and can make charcoal), Ossidroot (can make Bonemeal), Thundergrass (can make gunpowder), and Scintillawheat (can make Glowstone Dust). 

Screenshot On Zoom - Just a fast written Mod that will make a screenshot, if you sneak and zoom with a Spyglass

NoSleep - A mod that disables sleep.

ServerEssentials - A Server side mod for Fabric servers implementing some widely-known commands in bukkit servers.

Progressive Peripherals - CC:T addon, that break limits for turtles and peripherals. Now you can do nearly everything!

Copy Screenshot - Copies taken screenshot to the specified folder

ThinPillars - Adds a variant of pillars with a more interesting shape.

Oversized - Allows to create crafting tables of any finite rectangular size and provide recipes for them.

McCalc - Simple Calculator command right in Minecraft.

Just Another Coffe - Jac - Just another coffe probably? But done right! Hot coffee mod!

AquaHUD - A simplistic, modern UI resource pack designed to compliment Sodium's UI.

DP's Chaoscraft - Ores have a chance to explode when mined.

Copper Lungs - Create x Miner's Lung: Use the Copper Backtank in low-air areas

Repurposed Livings - Giving entities a new purpose

bolillodetacosmod - this mod is fot an new adventures in minecraft, with potions and magic, powers and other special things.

Elderly Lib - A Quick Library for Elderion Studio's Mods

Animal Nuggest - Add Animal Nuggest

MineMention - A mention mod for the minecraft chat.

Can of Corn - Replaces Golden Carrots with a high quality model of Del Monte, Fresh Cut, Golden Sweet, Whole Kernel Corn

FMM Ruby Items - Adds Ruby Items to Minecraft

NotJustJson - This mod allows the usage of toml, xml, yaml, nbt and snbt file formats for datapacks

Better Rubidium Video Settings Button - Better Sodium Video Settings Button Unofficial Forge Port

EssentialsX - The essential plugin suite for Paper and Spigot servers.

Elytra Bounce - Lets you hop against the ground with an Elytra!

Michael's Materials - A material adding mod for Fabric 1.17 with the idea to port to 1.18 on release.

Night Vision Helmets | ONLY FORGE - What are you missing in the mine? "Torches!" - you'll answer. But I will say that you are missing Night Vision Helmets.

Dye - Library to expose INVOKEDYNAMIC to mods.

Plauzible's Vanilla Addons. - Plauzible's Vanilla Addons adds somethings to Minecraft that I (Plauzible) Think would be good additions to Minecraft!

NewsAnnouncer - Announce News to players on join

Better With Regime - Resolves conflicts between Silent's Mechanisms' and Genetical Animals' recipes. And maybe some other stuff later.

What's In My Crate (WIMC) - Preview tooltip for Immersive Engineering crates.

Nether Portal Boom - This Mod will make your Nether Portal go boom if you ignite them.

PumpkinPotions - Brew complex potions in a Pumpkin. A mod made for SpookyJam 2020

Marble - (1.7.10 only) Fancy-pantsy decoration! 2-block tall torches!

Mcraft's Custom Discs - More Minecraft Discs For More Fun!!!

Skyopolis - A mod mainly designed to be used inside the skyopolis 5 modpack, but does work standalone as well

StaciaHelper - Utility to fix errors in the StaciaExpert modpack

Weirding Gadget - The Server Friendly Chunk Loader

Dimension Crystals - The mod adds crystals to quickly move between worlds!

Bedrock Horses -  Implements the bug in minecraft Bedrock Edition where externally added speed effects are applied to a horses offsprings base stats.

Wallets - A mod that adds a simple coin system for Servers

Coffee crave! - Adds coffee to Minecraft

SimplyCoins - Adds Coins.

imgui-quilt - Quilted ImGui, ImGui for Minecraft Quilt based on imgui-java

Patched - Implements support for patching arbitrary json files.

Cursed Enchantments - This mod adds 2 cursed and useless enchantments in your game.

Addendum - Adding new blocks to fit your ender palette! Port of Additional Ender Blocks by cleverpanda714.

Palladium - Download Datapacks (and later Plugins) with ingame commands!

Bars for Days - A mod that allows more bars similar to the boss bar

HarmonyCraft - Add features to Minecraft from the world of MLP FiM

OreLibrary - It is mainly an Addon for Solar Generation by 3divad99

Dietary Statistics - Adds a new attribute called Food Max, which determines the maximum food attribute of a player.

HuskChat - A simple & customizable no-frills Minecraft proxy chat system

Scift - Provide Scala standard libraries & runtime for Scala-based Rift mod

Rayon - Rigid body simulation for Minecraft

 Torch Optimizer - Allows you to visualize the intensity of light rendered as numbers on the top of blocks. Optionally display optimal placement of torches.

Tritium - Adds set of tools and a totem , excluding armour

Unrealized Ideas - Implements all unrealized ideas Notch and Mojang all mobs that lost the vote.

Smiley Player Trader - Allows you to trade with players using the Villager GUI.

Simple Null - a /dank/null style item

Symbols of Ukraine - Ukrainian symbols in pictures

Matrix Bridge - Simple Matrix-Minecraft bridge mod.

SWUTM's Extra Plains - Better update Plains. Extra Dungeons, Beautiful Tree, More Item and Block, and Different Food

Random Wool Sheep Drop - This mod changing drop on shear (not kill) sheep to random wool color.

SlowMo Lib - A library to control time!

Creative Music - Allows Creative Mode music to be played in Survival.

Custom Content Makers (CCM) - A mod to help you create content!

SpongeVanilla for SpongeGames - Official modpack of SpongeVanilla for SpongeGames server

Screenshot Manager - Adds a menu for showing screenshots you've taken.

Use Glowstone dust as Glow Ink Sacs - Craft Glow Item Frame and make Signs glow by using Glowstone Dust

Portable Mob Farm - Adds many mob farms that can be created with a one item.

RDMover - Small mod allowing you to transfer items directly from RefinedStorage's disks to StorageDrawers's drawers with a right mouse click

Recurrent Complex TF-E - Patch for Thermos servers

Tuffs - Adds some tuff armor for blunt protection

Glacial Indifference - An open font that looks similar to Google's.

Improved End - A mod to add tons of new blocks, biomes and mobs to the end dimension

Reworked Metals - A rework of Minecraft's metalworking system

FredHunt - a 1.16+ Easy To Use Manhunt Plugin

RealFurnaceCarts - Makes furnace minecarts act like furnaces

Makriva - Customize and animate player model with Blockbench

Crashed Cubes - Add tools who dig 3x3 such as excavator,hammer.

Mezacraft Season 3 - The official modpack of the Mezanites Season 3 server

Channeling - Mod that makes Minecraft feel longer!

Knowledge Drop - An craftable enchantment to make mobs drop random enchantments as enchanted books

AntiVillagerLag - A way to remove the performance impact of trading halls without sacrificing other villager farms

Dimension swicher - Switches through all dimensions

Assisted Progression - A simple mod to help you along the way

Curse of Immutability - An anvil-prevention curse mod for mapmaking.

Assorted Core - Adds an assortment of items and blocks to be used by the other Assorted Mods.

Stoneblock Worldgen - A simple mod that adds a stoneblock world preset

StatuesMod Fix - A few small fixes for StatuesMod

Glimdrop Guttering - Chat integration for the new streaming service Glimesh.tv

akkamaddi's Classical Alchemy - SimpleOres add-on: adds 5 new alloys of copper, tin, and bronze.

SignSearch - Asynchronously search signs matching text near you

 Simply Torch Block - Simply adds a torch block of each colour in minecraft

Common-Shrek - Why is it so hard to pronounce...

SASQOLF - Speed And Small Quality Of Life Features

RandomTech - RandomTech is a tech mod designed to be used with other tech mods. This mod uses RebornCore as a hard dependency to make it compatible with other tech mods that also use RebornCore. The goal behind RandomTech is to implement features I've noticed are missing from other tech mods and is therefore meant to be used in addition to other mods such as TechReborn. Support to use this mod standalone will be implemented once the first meant for public release is made at version 1.0.0. The current versions of this mod (anything below 1.0.0) is meant for testing and feedback.

Default Options - A way for modpacks to ship a default (key) configuration without having to include an options.txt file. Also allows local options from any mod .cfg file.

PreventStabby - Toggle PvP plugin that protects pets, mounts and more!

LapisLib - A simple library mod for TJT01's mods.

NoChatPreview - Disables all the options that feel unnecessary, and privacy intruding for chat preview like the server being able to see and modify your messages, the double enter, the warning popup etc. etc.

Disable menu music - Disables the background music on the main menu (title screen)

Compose - Adding more building blocks, like polished tuff.

 TerralizationCompat - This is a modcore for the terralization modpack

Extra Tea - Extra Tea add more hot drinks and a little variety in food.

Powered Notes - A fork of Clyred's Notes displaying redstone powered noteblocks

Minimal Magic - Simple and easy automation

Eternal - This mod is updated for now

prism - Event tracking, rollbacks, anti-griefing

Stone Treasures - From the stone now fragments of all ores will fall from the stone.

A-Math but its minecraft - amath board game in minecraft

UniTweak - CraftTweaker methods which can create recipes for other mods based on patterns instead of items

Presence - Time based claiming plugin

Diamond Block Compressor - This mod can compress a lot of diamond blocks.

OneTimeOverrides - Allows modpack authors to add non-overwriting override files.

Monster Eggs - Adds monster eggs blocks to caves

Flying Cullers - Calculates a framerate-based dynamic render distance for entities and tile entities

Cait's Curiosities - A collection of various random ideas I had 

LnD5 - Modpack for LnD5 server

AquaHUD/Flat - A simplistic, modern UI resource pack designed to match Sodium's UI.

Crystals - Adds custom ores and enchants to Minecraft

DevTech - Devtech is a mod that is a small wishlist of things Zook wanted for Gregtech Community Edition and CraftTweaker. 

Unique Crops - Unique crops, unique growth, unique drops

Compressed Blocks - Compressed blocks is mod made by me for STApi 2.0. This mod adds compressing for blocks like in Extra Utility 

Titanpower - A fancy mod made for Terralization modpack but now its for everyone!

Assorted Decor - A random assortment of decorum to add to your Minecraft world.

Bending - Experience the universe of Avatar: The Last Airbender in your minecraft server.

Loose Ends Lib - A library that controls how servers and clients will act when joining without the mod.

Shock!t Studios: Better Textures - Changes Textures in Minecraft

MiniPlaceholders - MiniMessage Component-based Placeholders for PaperMC, Velocity and Krypton platforms

Random Commands - Just a set of random commands

AnderMod - A mod with some silly useful items for multiplayer

Capitalisation Fixes - Make your text perfect! Fixes grammatical (and other) issues in-game and in GUIs.

AntiCheat Replay - Watch a recording of punishments from your AntiCheat. Formerly VulcanReplay

IvToolkit TF-E - toolkit required by Recurrent Complex

Jigsaw Logic Lib - A library that allows modders to add custom game logic when a structure loads.

Shulker Utilities - Shulker Utilities is a vanilla+ mod that enhances shulker boxes.

Enlightened End - Expands upon the End with vanilla-esque biomes, mobs, and materials.

Extra Player Renderer [Rift] - Adds an extra player renderer to your screen

Tool Scraper - scrape the important materials of your tools

Mossy Gui - A Gui pack to make it cosy and green!

Cosmopolis - A mod about space

Arrows Break Torches - Arrows break torches

Once Upon A Stroll - makes paths while you walk

Torment - Dark rituals at the cost of your mental health. A mod for SpookyJam2021

Cardinal Ice Boats Server Optout - optout for lame servers that dont like cardinal ice boats

MCRunPy - Run Python Script for Minecraft

Skulls on Infested - Shows which blocks have silverfish hidden in them. Works with any resource pack!

Geopack - Gives the game a more abstract, geometric style.

QuickShop-Hikari - A shop plugin that allows players to easily sell/buy any items from a chest without any commands.

Dyable BossBars - dye bossbars different colors

AlPhAE's Letters - Small mod, that adds letter blocks, with which players will be able to name their buildings, and create road signs similar to real ones.

More Soups - This mod adds more soup in Minecraft,Each soup has a different effect.

Material Design HUD - Minimalistic HUD and menu in my vision of Material Design.

Ruby + Sapphire - Diamond tier tools now come in Red and Blue!

Skulls on Hazards - Shows skulls on potentially hazardous blocks. Works with any resource pack!

NoTargetAFK - Addon for EssentialsX that prevents mobs from targeting AFK players.

WarpSigns - A simple mod that lets you pair sets of signs together to allow teleporting between them.

Arth Final - Adds an item serving as a final goal in the game. Intended for modpacks.

Repelium - A simple modpack that will repel your game experience!

Phireworks - Allows you to create large and randomized firework shows

TelePacks - Items that teleport you

NeigeRevisions - The Mod that is used in the NeigeSMP

Water Scarcity - Removes Infinite water sources and makes water finite.

IntTurtle - Blocks that can be programmed in IntCode. Made for WinterJam 2021

HeadsPlus - A heads plugin with advanced head drops, crafting, selling, challenges and much more!

Waddon1's Magic Modpack [Fabric/Quilt] 1.19.2 - A Quilt/Fabric based modpack designed to be used for Vanilla play with better performance and quality of life improvements.

Even Better Enchants - Enchanted Books get unique textures for each enchant

Sand Dust - Adds a new drop to husks and glass that can be used to make renewable sand.

LagFre - An 1.19.2 modpack designed to make most of your computer's resources, even if its low-end

NetherClone - Clone items with the power of the Gods

TFC:TFF Drying Racks - TerraFirmaCraft Drying Racks addon

Glowcase - Improve your showcase with text, hyperlink, and item display blocks from Glowcase!

Nucleus - Library mod for pauljoda

Water Treasures - Now you can sift through water and get different items that were in water..

Inconsolata - Big and thin seriffed font.

Silver Birch - Adds the scrapped birch forest update from Minecraft Live

Items on Blocks - Shows which items blocks drop without Silk Touch. Works with any resource pack!

Growth Boost - Accelerate the growth of all plants in a small radius.

HardPlus - Plugin for people who think Hard difficulty is too easy

FruitfulAPI - An additional API that simplifies and extends the Paper API.

EdivadLib - Just a common library for all my mods

